,job_category,job_title,company_name,location,summary,salary
0,data_analyst,"Business System Analyst, Supply Chain Systems",Apple,,"Knowledge and experience in data analytics, mix integer programing or CPLEX / Gurobi / R / Python would be preferred....",
1,data_analyst,Sr. Product Manager,HERE Technologies,,Ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions. Ability to collect relevant data and analyze it to produce recommendations and perform root-cause...,
2,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Dyson Singapore,,We are currently seeking a Data Analyst to join the Business Intelligence Team in our world class Research Design and Development department....,
3,data_analyst,Data Analyst (1 year contract and extendable),Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,,Experience with analytical or data manipulation tools (e.g. What are the downstream effect if that data element will change?...,
4,data_analyst,Data Analyst,IC PRO OG TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD,Singapore,"Data Analyst for Analytical Solutions. Work with large amounts of data:. Experience in analyzing the data structured by time, batch, combination of time and...","$8,000 - $10,000 a month"
5,data_analyst,Reports Analyst - Data Migration,RumbleAsia,Singapore,Data Analyst / Reporting Analyst*. Data migration / transformation experience. Working closely with the data migration team and internal stakeholders you will...,"$12,000 - $14,000 a month"
6,data_analyst,Data Analyst,ECnet Limited,Singapore,"Looking for Data Analyst. SQL and Tableau skills – query, scripting and dashboards....","$2,000 - $3,000 a month"
7,data_analyst,Data Analyst,TVCONAL,Singapore,"The Data Analyst. Role will be a technical role in all matters surrounding statistical analysis, data manipulation, data visualization and interpretation....","$2,500 - $4,000 a month"
8,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Zeemart,Singapore,"In joining Zeemart as a Data Analyst, you'll be in a key role that helps deepen the customer interactions by applying advanced data analytics....",
9,data_analyst,"Data Entry Analyst (Part-Time, 18-months Contract)",Tsao Foundation,Singapore,"Data Entry Analyst (Part-Time, 18-months Contract). Research or clinical data entry experience is desirable....",
10,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Croda Inc,Singapore,The Data Analyst role will support Business Analysts in providing data analytics skills required to suport business projects and processes....,
11,data_analyst,Data Analyst,DELFERS BUSINESS SOLUTIONS,Singapore,The financial analyst will work to improve both the internal and external customer experience. Develop reporting and synthesize insights from the vast amount of...,
12,data_analyst,Data Analyst Internship,Fundnel Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Data Analyst Internship. 0-3 years of industry experience as a Data Analyst. Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining...",
13,data_analyst,Data Quality Analyst,UBS,Singapore,Similar Data Quality Analyst / Data Management / Business intelligence role. We're looking for a Data Quality Analyst to:....,
14,data_analyst,Investment Risk Manager | Head of | New Zealand,Convergence Partners,,"Experience with risk and data analytics systems would be highly beneficial. Risk Systems – Management of risk systems and quantitative tools, internal data...",
15,data_analyst,Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Analyst,International Application Solutions Pte Ltd,,Skills -Experience with administration and operation of Data Loss Prevention tools are preferred. Support to execute DLP strategy and initiatives according to...,
16,data_analyst,Internship – Singapore – Data Growth Analyst Intern,Expedia,Singapore,"Data quality, critical process degradation). Use statistics, distributions and confidence intervals to support decisions based on data....",
17,data_analyst,"Global Supply Data Analyst, APAC",Criteo,Singapore,"We are looking for a highly motivated Data Analyst to contribute to the development of our Global Supply Analytics team in APAC, with a passion for the digital...",
18,data_analyst,Data Analytics Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Responsible for data preparation and data mining for post data analysis; Ability to analyse large sets of data generated from multiple sources while ensuring...,
19,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Attribute Data,Singapore,Data Analyst *in Attribute Data has keen interest and a clear understanding about the information analysis techniques in various tools to produce reports...,
20,data_analyst,Customer Intelligence Analyst - (Philippines Market),Procter & Gamble,Singapore,Digital & Data savviness is a plus. The major responsibilities of the Customer Intelligence Analyst are as followed:....,
21,data_analyst,Supply Chain Data Analyst Intern,"Agilent Technologies, Inc.",Singapore,"Possess knowledge of data modeling or database design such as table relationships, simple query and reporting skills....",
22,data_analyst,"Data Analyst (Treasury), Group Customer Analytics & Decision...",OCBC Bank,Singapore,"Data Analyst (Treasury), Group Customer Analytics & Decisioning - (1900005J). Work with Data Engineering team to define the key pipelines of data required to...",
23,data_analyst,FIGI & LEI Data Analyst - Singapore,Bloomberg,Singapore,Quality check our FIGI data and verify the data linked to the LEI to ensure best-in-class data coverage and quality....,
24,data_analyst,"Data Analyst - Banking (Up to $4,000)",Kelly Services Singapore,,WQ / Data Analyst_154873025125828. Assist to supoort the data ingestion process. By submitting your curriculum vitae or personal data to us in connection with...,
25,data_analyst,Insights Analyst,Sephora SEA,Singapore,The Insights Analyst will take data and from it create strategic insights that drive and inform decision making across our business....,
26,data_analyst,Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst,Amazon Web Services Singapore,Singapore,"Expert working knowledge on SQL, and R to perform data querying, building data models and conducting data analysis....",
27,data_analyst,Finance Data Analyst,Hexa,Singapore,"Need someone who has exposure in preparing, analysing and reporting Financial Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss statement and reconciliation report. Contract...",
28,data_analyst,Graduate Quantitative Analyst - Quant Strategy,Macquarie Group Limited,Singapore,"Our Quant Strategy team applies specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk,...",
29,data_analyst,Data Analytics Analyst,Comtel Solutions,Singapore,"Perform full life-cycle of Data Scientist / Analyst activities, including conceptualization, visualization to operationalization....",
30,data_analyst,Data Analyst,StarHub,Singapore,"Data Analyst - (19000003). At least 3 years’ experience in working as a strategic data analyst or business data analyst, acting as an agent of change in...",
31,data_analyst,Market Risk SME Advisory Consultant,FIS Global,,Defines specifications and data models for product development and testing. Conducts tests using client data to be certain client needs will be met....,
32,data_analyst,Summer Intern (Undergrad) - Financial Analyst,Visa,Singapore,"So what are we looking for in a Financial Analyst Intern? Proficient in advanced data analysis with Office applications such as Excel, PowerQuery, PowerPivot...",
33,data_analyst,Junior Analyst Intern,Wunderman,Singapore,The Junior Data Analyst Intern reports into the Head of Planning and supports all data and analytics team members in assigned accounts and projects....,
34,data_analyst,Career Opportunities in Asia-Pacific,ExxonMobil,Singapore,"Finance (Financial Analyst). Information Technology (Analytic, Data Analysis Support, PLSO, Change Coordinator)....",
35,data_analyst,Big Data Analyst,Accenture,Singapore,"Implementation of complete Big Data solutions, including data acquisition, storage, transformation, and analysis....",
36,data_analyst,Product Analyst,MoneySmart Group,Singapore,"Ability to relate data to the real world, making sure it's relevant, understandable and actionable. At MoneySmart Group....",
37,data_analyst,(Senior) Data Analyst,Traveloka,Singapore,"As a Data Analyst, you will work as a part of a diverse team of Data Analyst, Data Scientist, and Engineers, to drive the business through data driven customer...",
38,data_analyst,SG - GREAT - Graduate Analyst - Technology (SAP),Deloitte,Singapore,"You will be at the center of it all, performing primary and secondary research, data analysis and modelling to tackle complex business problems....",
39,data_analyst,SECONDMENT - Criminal Intelligence Analyst,Interpol,Singapore,"In application of Article 114.1 of INTERPOL’s Rules on the Processing of Data (RPD), the General Secretariat is “responsible for determining authorization...",
40,data_analyst,Performance Optimization Analyst,Vungle,Singapore,"Act as bridge between Sales, Data Science, Engineering and Product. Vungle is the leading performance marketing platform for in-app video ads....",
41,data_analyst,Supply Chain Program Analyst Intern,Hewlett Packard Enterprise,Singapore,We have an exciting internship opportunity for a Supply Chain Program Analyst to join the team and work on introduce new products into world-wide production by...,
42,data_analyst,"Associate Analyst, Mastercard Graduate Development Program 2...",MasterCard,Singapore,Function as an analyst for delivery projects. Responsible for delivering top quality work as the Associate Analyst in the global delivery team including...,
43,data_analyst,Graduate Hire - Business Operations Analyst,HP,Singapore,"Analyze of backlog Gathers demand data from country and region for demand planning. If you are our Graduate Hire - Business Operations Analyst in Singapore, you...",
44,data_analyst,Operations Analyst,StyleTheory,Singapore,Driving the product data onboarding & maintaining process to ensure its accuracy. Style Theory is a Fashion-Technology company that is redefining Fashion...,
45,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Xendit,Singapore,Build & evolve Xendit’s data models. Are familiar with data analysis in Python. We are building a data team (think startup within a startup) that works on...,
46,data_analyst,"Data Analyst, Ecommerce",JUUL Labs,Singapore,"The Data Analyst will help support a number of business leaders within JUUL by becoming their go-to source for data, reporting, insights, and guidance....",
47,data_analyst,Data Analyst / Engineer,3M,Singapore,"This involves building data structures for data consumption, integrating external and new data sets into existing data pipelines as well as monitoring of...",
48,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Experience in creating and maintaining data; Strong aptitude for numbers and comfortable handling large volumes of data;...,
49,data_analyst,Dry bulk shipping data analyst,IHS Markit,Singapore,"Conduct original research and data mining to identify interesting, potentially marketable, findings in our data....",
50,data_analyst,Data Analyst,FUTUREX TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Create strong blending data capabilities within team so that we can come up with useful client information from data very quickly....,
51,data_analyst,Data Analyst,PROPERTYGURU PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Our Data Science team is empowered to build unique and compelling user experiences using machine learning and data....,
52,data_analyst,Data Governance Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Our client is looking for a Data Analyst to support the Data Governance projects in the financial services industry....,
53,data_analyst,Xaxis | Data Analyst Executive/Manager,Xaxis,Singapore,"Lead data mining project based on data platform, client’s data, Media data to find out valuable information....",
54,data_analyst,Market Analyst,Phillips 66 International Trading Pte Ltd,Singapore,Analyze fundamental data; Provide ad hoc analysis and compile data as needed for the team. The Market Analyst will also proactively engage with traders and...,"$6,000 - $9,000 a month"
55,data_analyst,Data Analyst,National Volunteer & Philanthropy Centre,Singapore,"Carry out end-to-end data analytics projects from business understanding, to data understanding, data preparation, modelling, evaluation and to deployment....",
56,data_analyst,Data Modeler,Dow Technologies and Systems,Beach Rd,Data analyst · Business analyst · Logical and physical modelling · Knowledge of banking/finance/accounting · Good written communications skills....,"$9,000 a month"
57,data_analyst,Data Analyst,ABAKUS (ASIA PACIFIC) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Develop model to detect data outlier. Some knowledge of common data analytical models. Our innovative data science team of Wecash is looking for team mates who...,
58,data_analyst,Financial Analyst (Data Modeling),Oracle,Singapore,Financial Analyst (Data Modeling)-18001FOY. Detailed Description and Job Requirements....,
59,data_analyst,Business Analyst,LightStream Analytics,Singapore,"Data Warehouse / data sourcing (ETL) for regulatory reporting. Document Functional Specifications, data model and data mapping specification....",
60,data_analyst,Revenue Management Analyst (Singapore),ZenRooms,Shenton Way,"As an important member of the team, you’ll be tasked with performing data. Performing data analytics (working closely with BI team) to track and improve KPI...",
61,data_analyst,Strategy Analyst,MoneySmart Group,Singapore,Prior experience in business analyst role preferred. Great communication skills and an excellent ability to tell narratives underlying data....,
62,data_analyst,Data Analyst,ITCS Group,Singapore,"Double check data quality. Identify, analyse and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Interpret data, analyse results using statistical techniques...",
63,data_analyst,TRAINEE / JUNIOR ANALYST (SPECIALISED PRODUCTS),CLARKSONS PLATOU ASIA PTE. LIMITED,Singapore,"Analysis of industry data. Plotting and charting of industry data. This role will play an integral part in data research, analytics and reporting in order to...",
64,data_analyst,Analyst,SB REIT Management Pte Ltd,Singapore,Meticulous in its work especially in processing analytical data. Minimum 2 years of relevant analyst experience in the real estate industry....,
65,data_analyst,"Principal, Global Supply Chain Analytics",Amazon.com,Singapore,"Hire, retain, and develop outstanding and diverse staff - Data Engineers (DEs), Business Intelligence Engineers (BIEs), Business Analysts (BAs), and Data...",
66,data_analyst,Data Analytics Intermediate Analyst,Citi,Central Singapore,Data Analytics Intermediate Analyst. Determine data needed to be collected and the appropriate data resources for specific projects....,
67,data_analyst,Associate Engineer – Data Analyst (GIS) 1-year contract,NetLinkTrust,Bugis,Perform daily troubleshooting on the errors encountered during the data file loading and raise from users....,
68,data_analyst,Data Analyst,International SOS Singapore,Singapore,This will include to identify and analyse data discrepancies for fixing the data quality issue. Suitable work experience in Business Intelligence & Data...,
69,data_analyst,Store Operation Analyst,StyleTheory,Singapore,"As an Operations Analyst, you will be responsible for leading the daily inventory operations of a fast paced ever changing business....",
70,data_analyst,Form Analyst (Internship),Entrepreneur First Team,Singapore,A data driven decision maker. We are looking for a Form Analyst to help us deliver excellent operational service to candidates and interviewers....,
71,data_analyst,Fraud Analyst,Aspire Financial Technologies,Singapore,Perform data analysis and provide to risk analyst team insights on their daily operations. Aspire processes SMEs trade data and digital footprint via more than...,"$3,000 - $5,000 a month"
72,data_analyst,Contract - Logistics Data Analyst,Infineon Technologies,Singapore,"In your new role you will: Support in managing transactions through SAP: Finished goods receiving, scheduling and lot closure Handle complaint from internal...",
73,data_analyst,Payment Operations Analyst,TenX,Singapore,"As a Payment Ops Analyst specialising in Settlements and Reconciliation, you will execute daily reconciliation processes, analyse transaction data and...",
74,data_analyst,Market Analyst,Zagro,Singapore,"Research and data analysis skills. Interpret the data gathered and prepare relevant reports. Research, locates, gathers, organizes and analyzes global data from...",
75,data_analyst,Data Analyst (Marketing),Grab Taxi,Singapore,"Ability to work with complex data sets, and combine data from multiple sources into a single dashboard/reporting system....",
76,data_analyst,Data Operations Analyst – ICIS – Singapore,Reed Business Information,Singapore,Data Operations Analyst – ICIS – Singapore. Working closely with global technology teams to change or develop new data collection or data management processes....,
77,data_analyst,Sales Information Analyst,Wiley,Singapore,Experience in a similar analyst role. The Sales Information Analyst will be responsible for providing support to the Sales Team in analyzing and interpreting...,
78,data_analyst,Data Science Analyst,ENT-VISION PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Cleanse, prepare and perform Exploratory Data Analysis on enterprise and IOT data. Highly proficient in data visualisation tools and good analytical skills....",
79,data_analyst,Data & Change Analyst,UBS,Singapore,We’re looking for a Data & Change analyst like that who can:. Are you excited to work within highly specialized Data Analytics team with diverse backgrounds and...,
80,data_analyst,IP Analyst,Applied Materials Inc.,Singapore,"Preferred disciplines are physics, chemistry, materials science, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, chemical engineering, data science, artificial...",
81,data_analyst,"Analyst, Science",,Singapore,"Roles & Responsibilities planning and conducting experiments recording and analysing data carrying out fieldwork, eg collecting samples presenting results to...",
82,data_analyst,Data & AI Analyst/Engineer,FlexoSense,Singapore,"To research and be updated on the state of the art on AI, data engineering and data science practices. I.e. Data analysis and discovery with new insights....",
83,data_analyst,research analyst,,Singapore,"Experience with data manipulation/statistical software, and knowledge in Excel VBA Macros is desirable. Roles & Responsibilities....",
84,data_analyst,Data Quality Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,"Data warehousing, data mart development, big data and general data architecture experience. Perform data profiling, data analysis and data mapping to evaluate...",
85,data_analyst,Campaign Analyst (IBM UNICA),Digital Alchemy,Singapore,"Test new data elements, structures and functionality that support or impact campaigns. Digital Alchemy is a leading Marketing Service Provider supplying...",
86,data_analyst,Data Analyst,OMEGA 365 NURSING PTE LTD,Pasir Panjang,"Qlik, Tableau) to visualize data in a compelling manner. Curious and analytical mind that can make use of data to segment customers and generate insights....",
87,data_analyst,DLP (Data Loss Prevention) Analyst,INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION SOLUTIONS PTE LTD,Singapore,Experience with administration and operation of Data Loss Prevention tools are preferred. Roles & Responsibilities....,
88,data_analyst,Project Analyst,,Singapore,"Typically 3-4 years of experience as a financial analyst. Mine all their data for insights, on an open, agile cloud;...",
89,data_analyst,Commercial Data Analyst,AMOS INTERNATIONAL (S) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,We are looking for an experienced Commercial Analyst to drive commercial analysis and assistance from the preparation of data combined with reporting to drive...,
90,data_analyst,CDS Operations Data Analyst,BCD Travel,Singapore,Global CDS Operations OneTouch Data Analyst. Support adhoc reports related to third party data provisioning and data processing....,
91,data_analyst,CSAT Analyst,Grab Taxi,Bishan New Town,"Manage end-to-end data projects; Collaborate with product, engineers and partnerships to identify new opportunities to expand Grab’s universe of data by...",
92,data_analyst,Technology Market Analyst,CANALYS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"We are recruiting for an Analyst (Senior Analyst) position within the Canalys Mobility Global team. PowerPoint, Excel, Word (Proficiency in data modelling is...",
93,data_analyst,Business Data Analyst,CHINA AVIATION OIL (SINGAPORE) CORPORATION LTD,Singapore,"Develop and establish a business data analysis platform to provide data support for the company's business quantitative analysis, including data analysis,...",
94,data_analyst,Data Integration Support,Neurones IT Asia,Singapore,"Works with internal team, vendors, consultants, and external partners to quickly identify and resolve data integration and ETL/ControlM/EAI issues....",
95,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Changi Airports International Pte Ltd,Changi,"As a data analyst, you will assist in proposing appropriate strategies to enhance services, efficiencies and financial performances of airports through...",
96,data_analyst,Data Analyst/Consultant,Ogilvy,Singapore,"Hands-on skills in data QA, data tracking and processing, data analysis and visualization. Implement new data definitions/update data definitions per business...",
97,data_analyst,Assistant Market Research Analyst,NIOMETRICS (PTE.) LTD.,Singapore,Comfortable working with data. Assist with data crunching or collation. Set up information database to compile and organise information and data....,
98,data_analyst,Senior Data Analyst,goGame Pte Ltd,Toa Payoh,3+ years in data analyst experience. The Senior Data Analyst works closely with product leaders as a data-driven advisor and partner on strategic issues....,
99,data_analyst,Regional Data Privacy Analyst,Grab Taxi,Singapore,"Review agreements for the transfer and processing of personal data among various entities. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work on privacy issues...",
100,data_analyst,System Analyst,Vision Manpower,Singapore, Develop program to capture machine data to link with other systems.  To perform user requirement gathering and explore the opportunity to enhance existing....,"$3,000 - $4,000 a month"
101,data_analyst,Billing Analyst,Equinix,Singapore,Serves as Billing Analyst backup. Validates data against executed contracts Project Management. Validates data against executed contracts and other ad hoc...,
102,data_analyst,Data Business Analyst (JD#4823),SCIENTE INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.,Singapore,An exciting opportunity for analytics professionals to work as Data Business Analyst and support the implementation of the Management Information System from a...,
103,data_analyst,Financial Data Analyst – Commodities trading multinational,KERRY CONSULTING PTE. LTD.,Singapore,An opportunity has arisen for a Financial Data Analyst to join the structured trade finance team. Other responsibilities will also include responding to...,
104,data_analyst,Market Risk Analyst,IntroPro,Singapore,"Good understanding of Value at Risk (VaR), Historical Simulation, Stress Testing, Back Testing, usage of risk factor/market data for Scenario Generation....",
105,data_analyst,Quality Control Data Analyst Intern (18-24 weeks),Illumina,Woodlands,Quality Control Data Analyst Intern (18-24 weeks):. The Quality Control Data Analyst Intern will be required to complete an 18-24 weeks program....,
106,data_analyst,eDiscovery Data Collections Analyst,UBS,Singapore,"As an eDiscovery Data Collections and Preservations Senior Analyst you will oversee a large portfolio of eDiscovery collection, preservation, and research...",
107,data_analyst,Global Investigations Analyst - APAC,Tesla,Singapore,"Previous experience integrating data analysis into workflow; A Global Investigations Analyst is proactive, consultative and business-minded, and reports to the...",
108,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Hewlett Packard Enterprise,Singapore,"Support channel sales team by providing data insights. In a typical day as a Business Analyst, you would....",
109,data_analyst,"Associate / Analyst, Structured Trade Ops, Institutional Ban...",DBS Bank,Singapore,"Perform, according to the established quality and service standards, all processing and checking functions assigned by Section Manager including system input...",
110,data_analyst,Data Analyst,MINDTREE LIMITED (SINGAPORE BRANCH),Singapore,Experience in working as Data Analyst – understanding data inputs and outputs and interfaces with various systems....,
111,data_analyst,Data Analyst,U3 INFOTECH PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Perform root cause analysis on complex data anomalies and working closely data stewards to define best practice....,
112,data_analyst,Middle Office Analyst,Total,Singapore,"Coordinate and review deal and price in trading system by performing deal check, price validation, curve update, and data reconciliation....",
113,data_analyst,Sourcing Analyst,ZALORA SEA,Singapore,Ii) Product Master Data Analysis. You will be responsible for creating and enhancing product data and attributes to support various downstream systems and...,
114,data_analyst,"Analyst, Middle Office",BNY Mellon,Singapore,"Responsible for or facilitating the maintenance of trade static data, trade enrichment, and trade exception handling and market claims....",
115,data_analyst,Market Operations Analyst,CLEARTRADE EXCHANGE,Singapore,Maintaining the exchange’s static data. EEX Asia is a commodity derivatives exchange based in Singapore....,
116,data_analyst,CAO - Corporate Analyst Development Program Admin – Professi...,JP Morgan Chase,Singapore,"Analyst programs at a glance:. Plan, execute and support analyst development activities including analyst committees, senior speaker series, networking events...",
117,data_analyst,Senior Data Analyst,Publicis Groupe,Singapore,"ª Gather data and insights from various data sources such as GWI, comScore and data scraping. ª Perform data audit and gap analysis....",
118,data_analyst,Client Strategy and Consulting Analyst,CBRE,Singapore,"Ability to comprehend, analyze and interpret data and documents. Interface with broader property team to extract and obtain relevant project details and...","$2,800 - $4,000 a month"
119,data_analyst,Junior Laboratory Analyst / Laboratory Assistant,KMG SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"To perform analysis on internal and external samples, reporting quality data to customers in compliance with QEHS requirements. Roles & Responsibilities....",
120,data_analyst,IT Business Analyst,ECnet Limited,Singapore,"Coordinate integration related conversation, analysis and mapping (including data dictionary) and drive solution....","$5,000 - $6,500 a month"
121,data_analyst,Product Analyst,Grab Taxi,Singapore,"Hands on experience with data analysis / scripting / programming tools like R or Python and Data Visualization platforms like Tableau / Qlikview / D3.js, etc.,....",
122,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Total eBiz Solutions Pte. Ltd,Kallang,"Expert in using JIRA, Word, Excel, Visio, Power Point and MS Project for requirements analysis, data analysis, graphs, presentation, and documentation....",
123,data_analyst,Order Fulfilment Planning Analyst,ECCO,Singapore,"Strong in analytical skill, needs to be extremely comfortable analysing large data sets and meticulous....",
124,data_analyst,"Publisher Intelligence Analyst, Online Partnerships Group (E...",Google,Singapore,Help convert data analysis into presentation of findings and recommendations to management team. We enable data driven decisions that translate into business...,
125,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Garena,Singapore,Design analytic data models in Hadoop data warehouse. Control Hadoop data warehouse changes and maintain data dictionary....,
126,data_analyst,Data Science Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Work on advanced data analytics and data science projects as well as support business units to analyze large-scale structured and unstructured data;...,
127,data_analyst,"Analyst, Northeast Asia",Frontier Strategy Group,Singapore,"Data-driven insight into diverse macroeconomic environments, deep industry-specific coverage, and expert analyst advisory support on aligning business strategy...",
128,data_analyst,"Investment Data Analyst, Global Asset Management",BLUECHIP PLATFORMS ASIA PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"The key aim is to increase and improve data quality and availability across all areas, leveraging sources of data that exist throughout the wider business....",
129,data_analyst,Data Analytics Lead,Traveloka,Singapore,Knowledge in data structures and algorithms for processing large data. 8+ years of experience in data modeling....,
130,data_analyst,Data Management Analyst,BNY Mellon,Singapore,"Support pricing analyses by performing a set of standard operational activities, such as processing data and tracking changes in pricing data....",
131,data_analyst,Reporting Analyst,Grab Taxi,Bishan New Town,"Enable data driven decision making by measuring, extracting data, and performing data analysis. Strong exposure to strategic data analysis and problem solving....",
132,data_analyst,COMPUTER MONITORING ANALYST,D L RESOURCES PTE LTD,Singapore,"Perform 24 x 7 shift duty on rotation to cover monitoring functions in a Data Centre which runs multi-platform systems on Mainframe, AS/400, UNIX/Linux and...",
133,data_analyst,Business Process Analyst,"Red Hat, Inc.",Singapore,"6-10 years experience working as a business analyst or sales operations analyst with commercial experience with a vendor, reseller, or distributor in sales...",
134,data_analyst,Demurrage Analyst,Caltex Australia,Singapore,Demurrage Analyst (Contract). Maintain demurrage data integrity in IMOS and Allegro. The Demurrage Analyst (Contract) role is responsible for the demurrage...,
135,data_analyst,Machine Learning Consultant,Accenture,Singapore,"Familiarity with No SQL databases, bot framework, data streaming and integrating unstructured data will be plus. Data exchange technologies like JSON....",
136,data_analyst,Credit Assessment Delivery Analyst,IHS Markit,Singapore,"— Performing analysis of key quantitative and qualitative factors influencing the credit quality of corporate debt issuers, including assessment of financial...",
137,data_analyst,Real Time Analyst,Singtel,Singapore,"Adhere and implement the compliance to the processes for identification of schedule exceptions including minimum length, approval process, submission to WFM...",
138,data_analyst,System Analyst,NV Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Design and implement organizational technology, new computer systems, frameworks and solutions for collection of market data and customer input for analyzing....",
139,data_analyst,Business Data Analyst,Grab Taxi,Bishan New Town,Experience with data visualization (e.g. Experience with data pipeline tools (e.g. Manage data models to bring order and insight to complex datasets....,
140,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Hearti Lab Pte Ltd,Singapore,Gap analysis and data mapping. Capability in drafting data policies and documentation. The Business Analyst will support the Project Manager in driving the...,
141,data_analyst,Data Quality and Project Analyst,BNP Paribas,Singapore,Strong skills in data analysis and reconciliation. Expert in management of client data quality and designing controls....,
142,data_analyst,Demand Planning Analyst,Caterpillar,Singapore,"Demand Planning Analyst - (. This role is accountable to provide supporting facts, data and statistics that depend on their understanding of forecasts and all...",
143,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,Euromonitor International,Singapore,"Primary research with key focus on ASEAN markets, which includes direct and regular contact with key industry players, to collate/discuss data and trends for...",
144,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Dyson,Singapore,"Data Analysis – DTAN. Applies data analysis, data modelling, and quality assurance techniques, based upon a detailed understanding of business processes, to...",
145,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Government Technology Agency,Singapore,We are looking for a Data Analyst who is interested in using data to contribute to production grade products which will result in streamlining the customer...,
146,data_analyst,Business Systems Analyst,Techsource Systems Pte Ltd,Ubi,"Provide business insights utilizing data from multiple sources. The Business Analyst plays a critical role in performing requirements analysis, evaluating...","$3,000 - $6,000 a month"
147,data_analyst,ASEAN Business Operations Analyst,Amazon Web Services Singapore,Singapore,ASEAN BUSINESS OPERATIONS ANALYST. Expert level in Excel and Data query tools. Maintain thorough knowledge of existing and emerging 3rd party data sources as...,
148,data_analyst,Data Risk Analyst,Grab Taxi,Singapore,"As the Data Risk Analyst, you will analyse Grab’s data to develop insights about user behaviours and payment risks....",
149,data_analyst,Trading Analyst,DRW Trading Group,Singapore,You will gain exposure to multiple asset classes through hands on trading experience and data analysis. A deep curiosity of analyzing large data sets using your...,
150,data_analyst,Quoting Analyst - Business Operations,NTT Security,Singapore,"Excellent XLS skills (Pivots, detailed formula and ability to manipulate data). Maintain our operating system Salesforce.com with accurate data, including close...",
151,data_analyst,"Analyst, General M&A and Transactions Group",BNP Paribas,Singapore,"Undertake research, compile and analyse data. Analyst role within Investment Banking Asia Pacific, General M&A and Transactions Group to support the origination...",
152,data_analyst,"Lazada-Analyst, Onsite Operations-Singapore",Lazada,Singapore,"Lazada helps more than 145,000 local and international sellers as well as 3,000 brands serve the 560 million consumers in the region through its marketplace...",
153,data_analyst,Logistics Analyst,Facebook,Singapore,"Analyze financial data, manage budgeting and deep dive into shipment data. The Logistics Analyst is responsible for supporting analytics and reporting to...",
154,data_analyst,Trade Surveillance Analyst,UBS,Singapore,We are looking for a Trade Surveillance Analyst to:. Do you have a proven ability to work with a large mass of data?...,
155,data_analyst,Fastmarkets MB Index Analyst,Euromoney Institutional Investor,Singapore,"Singapore-based Index Analyst. Experience in data mining/analysis. The Index Analyst will assist in the operation of daily commodity pricing models, as well as...",
156,data_analyst,Strategy and Operations Analyst,MasterCard,Singapore,"Translates into data metrics, dashboards and MI reporting and tracking. Identify new / optimization of opportunities based on data insights to meet our...",
157,data_analyst,"Lazada-VP, Customer Data Analytics -Singapore",Lazada,Singapore,Contribute to the overall data warehouse strategy on data points sitting within your supporting business unit to simplify the access to data and improve the...,
158,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Titansoft Singapore,Singapore,Business Analyst in Titansoft. What a Business Analyst does in Titansoft. Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (e.g....,
159,data_analyst,Analyst - Business Intelligence,Marina Bay Sands,Singapore,"Improve architectures for Data Warehouse, Master Data/Reference Data, integration for data and transaction processing....",
160,data_analyst,Associate Engineer (Geospatial Analyst),ST Electronics (Satcom & Sensor Systems) Pte Ltd,Singapore,Perform analysis and interpretation of satellite data and imagery for value-added geospatial services to customers....,
161,data_analyst,Performance Improvement Information Technology Associate/ Se...,Ernst & Young OM,Singapore,"Business analyst and consulting skillsets with experience in project/program delivery. Good understanding of the technology stack required, with proven...",
162,data_analyst,QC Laboratory Analyst,Pfizer,Tuas,"For A QC Laboratory Analyst:. For a Senior QC Laboratory Analyst:. For more experienced analyst, to mentor new colleagues as required....",
163,data_analyst,Senior Data Analyst,STREETSINE SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"An additional advantage for candidates with full project life cycle exposure i.e. data collection, aggregation, analysis, visualization, productionization, and...",
164,data_analyst,Research Analyst/Assistant,Beacon Consulting Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data analysis based on project specifications (e.g. Experienced in quantitative and qualitative methods for data analysis....,
165,data_analyst,Analyst Security Systems,BT,Singapore,"Purpose Of Role: Supports in the delivery, implementation and operational end to end delivery for a subset of an IT security service and for a subset of the...",
166,data_analyst,Business Analyst,FINSURGE,Singapore,"Experience on Pricing, P&L, Market data and Financial static data. Simulations & Data Dictionary. Market Data & Curve Configuration....",
167,data_analyst,Big Data Administrator,Anotech Energy,Singapore,The Big Data team operates the RUN activities and delivers projects for its infrastructure scope covering all Big Data associated technologies....,
168,data_analyst,Infrastructure Analyst,Accenture,Singapore,"Apply infrastructure improvements across the workplace, network, data center and operations as well as provide resources to manage and run the infrastructure on...",
169,data_analyst,Data Migration Analyst (Rewards & Spend),Chandler Macleod,Singapore,"As a Data Migration Analyst, you will be assigned to a key project for the bank under the cards portfolio. Minimum 3 years' experience with Data Transformation...",
170,data_analyst,Business Analyst (General),Sygnum,Singapore,"Are you a sharp Business Analyst with a thirst for innovation? Break down high level product features into user stories, model workflows and data, and clarify...",
171,data_analyst,SOC Analyst,TANGSPAC CONSULTING PTE LTD,Singapore,"Review the analysis and work of the L1 analyst and provide guidance to the L1 analyst team. Algorithms, data structures, databases, operating systems, networks,...",
172,data_analyst,Cybersecurity Analyst - SOC - Singapore,"Proficio, Inc.",Changi,"As a Proficio SOC Analyst, you will be responsible for helping our customers to identify security threats, thwart hackers, and prevent data breaches....",
173,data_analyst,"Corporate Strategy Analyst, Go-To-Market",Google,Singapore,Support strategic initiatives with data analytics and insights. Proficient in translating data into actionable insights and digestible formats....,
174,data_analyst,Research Analyst (Market Research),Degree Census Consultancy Pte Ltd,Singapore,Analyse data with the use of Microsoft Excel and/or SPSS statistical program. The Research Analyst will analyse findings that are collected from the surveys...,
175,data_analyst,"Analyst, Job",MUFG FUND SERVICES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Assist in data vendor management such as Bloomberg, IDC, Thomson Reuters, MarkIt Partners, etc. Roles & Responsibilities....",
176,data_analyst,Cost Analyst (Manufacturing),,Singapore,Consolidate and analyze financial data to determine costs of business activity. Roles & Responsibilities....,
177,data_analyst,Data Analyst - Insurance,Quinnox Solutions,Singapore,"Data Analyst – Insurance. Ability to understand, interpret and analyse business data. Collect, develop and analyse business data for business monitoring and...",
178,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Michael Page,Singapore,Specialisation:IT Data Analysis. Apply data modelling techniques to mine data for the identification of trends and business opportunities....,
179,data_analyst,Decision Support Analyst,Cargill,Singapore,"Advanced Excel and data analytics skills. Demonstrate strong financial management skills to gather financial data, evaluate and analyze financial statements....",
180,data_analyst,Market Analyst,Aramco,Singapore,"Strong proficiency in MS Excel to analyze data effectively. Excellent analytical skills to collect, collate and evaluate large amount of data....",
181,data_analyst,Procurement Analyst,Singtel,Singapore,"The Procurement Analyst is a key member of the Corporate Procurement Team. Develop reporting tools and dashboards, support reporting requests and perform data...",
182,data_analyst,Senior Technology Market Analyst,Canalys,Singapore,"PowerPoint, Excel, Word (Proficiency in data modelling is preferred). Comfortable working with large sets of data (Knowledge of SQL is a plus)....",
183,data_analyst,Contract - Resource Planning Data Analyst,Infineon Technologies,Singapore,In your new role you will: Coordinate and maintain weekly / monthly KPI reports Develop reports and present in PowerPoint for management Coordinate and follow...,
184,data_analyst,Data Analyst (Retail and Shopper Marketing Data),Emporio Analytics,Singapore,"Managing Data Analytics Projects in the area of Retail and Shopper Analytics from end to end (Requirement Gathering, Data Preparation, Data Extraction,...",
185,data_analyst,Lazada-Program BI and Data Analyst,Lazada,Singapore,"2/3 years of relevant work experience in data analyst, with knowledge of marketplace operations, logistics, transportation, supply chain or last-mile delivery...",
186,data_analyst,GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ANALYST,Micron,Singapore,"Carry out quality assessment of data, data reports and the accompanying decisions. Identify and analyze available reporting data (in source system or data...",
187,data_analyst,Oil Products Analyst - Singapore,Energy Aspects,Singapore,Energy Aspects has a newly created opportunity available for an Oil Products Analyst to join our growing Singapore team....,
188,data_analyst,Data Analyst - Tableu | Alteryx | VBA,GMP Group,Singapore,Highlight future risks and opportunities through data mining of internal and external data and provide commentary to be included in the monthly business reviews...,
189,data_analyst,International Product Analyst - Singapore Market,Indeed,Singapore,"Leverage proprietary software and systems to independently analyze data and address site performance issues. As the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to...",
190,data_analyst,Senior FP&A Analyst,Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies,Singapore,"Region-level Medical Affairs and Data Generation investment activities, Business Intelligence and Digital investment initiatives....",
191,data_analyst,SHIPPING ANALYST,Maritime Singapore Connect,Singapore,Research and analysis of data and trends in the assigned sector. Salary data based on industry surveys conducted by Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore...,
192,data_analyst,Business Functional Analyst (SAP),Tata Consultancy Services (Singapore),Singapore,We are looking for Business Functional Analyst to take up the responsibility in reviewing and analyzing requirements and assessing change needs and is also...,"$5,000 - $7,000 a month"
193,data_analyst,Sales Planning Analyst,Sony,Singapore,"Interpret and analyze data; SEA Field Sales & Marketing Company is responsible for the marketing, sales and service of consumer as well as broadcasting and...",
194,data_analyst,Client Operations Analyst - AxCloud,AxiomSL,Singapore,We are the industry leader in providing enterprise- wide data and risk management solutions for our clients all around the world....,
195,data_analyst,IT Executive (Data Analyst),SKY PREMIUM INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"To collect, consolidate, clean-up, structure and/or process data from various disparate structured, unstructured and/or incomplete data sets and data sources....",
196,data_analyst,"Analyst, Digital Partnerships",Visa,Singapore,Extract actionable business insights from internal and external data and build deliverables that clearly communicate the findings and recommendations....,
197,data_analyst,Marketing Analyst,UNITED PARCEL SERVICE,Singapore,We are looking for a Marketing Analyst to support to the Marketing Pricing team. Marketing Analyst responsibilities include processing pricing request for the...,
198,data_analyst,Pricing and Investment Analyst,ExxonMobil,Singapore,"Engineer, Financial Analyst, Computer Science, Investment, Engineering, Finance, Technology. Perform data discovery and build proof of concepts with guidance...",
199,data_analyst,Senior Marketing Planning Analyst,Palo Alto,Singapore,Progress data quality efforts within enterprise systems such as Salesforce.com and other tools to ensure all users are accessing accurate and timely data....,
200,data_analyst,College Intern - Data Analyst (6 Months Internship),HP,Singapore,"If you are our College Intern – Data Analyst in Singapore, you will be attached to the HP Print Business and Operation Command Office have a chance to:....",
201,data_analyst,Revenue Recognition Analyst,Cisco Careers,Singapore,"Cisco is looking for an expert and creative Revenue Recognition Analyst to be based in Singapore. We connect everything – people, process, data and things...",
202,data_analyst,Corporate Strategy Analyst,UL,Singapore,Independently manage data collection and analysis; We are looking for a high-caliber Corporate Strategy Analyst in our Singapore office;...,
203,data_analyst,IT Business Analyst,GlaxoSmithKline,Tuas,"O Address IT risks (Business Continuity Planning, IT security, confidential data management…). O Participate to the Site Digitalization Program and to the...",
204,data_analyst,APAC Data Engineer,UNITED PARCEL SERVICE,Singapore,The Data Engineer will support the data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent...,
205,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,Tetra Pak,Singapore,"Strong exposure on core ABAP which includes reports using ALV, dialog program-ming, BDC, Layout sets, LSMW and Data dictionary....",
206,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,CANALYS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Work with digital team to improve research and data collection methodologies. Roles & Responsibilities....,
207,data_analyst,Analyst,Defence Science and Technology Agency,Singapore,We are looking for an individual to join us in our DSTA Masterplanning and Systems Architecting Programme Centre where you will develop innovative decision...,
208,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,OAKWOOD WORLDWIDE (ASIA) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Demonstrates solid judgment when interpreting data; The Senior Analyst will be based in our Singapore Corporate Office managing the world-class accommodation...,
209,data_analyst,Technical Business Analyst,RumbleAsia,Singapore,Familiar with data messaging / formats. 5-10 years’ experience as a Technical Business Analyst. As a Technical Business Analyst supporting a Bank re-platform...,"$12,000 - $14,000 a month"
210,data_analyst,Operations Coordinator (9 months contract),LEGO,Singapore,"Minimum 1-2 years experience in operations, business analyst. One of the key annual tasks will also be to enable commercial data for a smooth pricing process...",
211,data_analyst,Financial Analyst,AAM Advisory Pte Ltd,Outram,Portfolio performance and risk data. Ensuring the accuracy of investment related data to clients. Independent worker and analytical thinker with ability to...,
212,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst, Google Customer Solutions",Google,Singapore,"As a Financial Analyst, you will need to have strong data analysis skills and will be well versed in financial modeling....",
213,data_analyst,TradeOps Analyst - Singapore,Hudson River Trading,Singapore,TradeOps Analyst - SINGAPORE. The Trading Operations (TradeOps) team is responsible for managing HRT's live trading environment....,
214,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Page Personnel,Singapore,Apply data modelling techniques to mine data for the identification of trends and business opportunities. Familiarity with Big Data environments is an advantage...,
215,data_analyst,Regional Data Analytics (Analyst / Snr Analyst / Manager),Grab Taxi,Singapore,"Strong foundation in data query/manipulation using SQL and data visualisation using tools like Tableau. We focus on humanizing big data, be a bridge between the...",
216,data_analyst,Business Analyst,,Singapore,Data analysis expertise to transform data into insights. Experience working in large scale data problems. D. Experience working in large scale data problems....,
217,data_analyst,Associate Analyst,Cerulli Associates,Singapore,"Duties include data gathering, analysis, chart creation and assembly, and writing commentary. Help develop and maintain relationships with industry trade...",
218,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Data Scientist),UBS,Singapore,"Conduct initial analysis assessment to identify data elements required across domains, its quality and feasibility to map data end-to-end....",
219,data_analyst,Finance Analyst (Singapore),Mandara,Singapore,Finance Analyst (Singapore). Our business thrives by connecting proprietary data and advanced technology with rigorous trading execution....,
220,data_analyst,workspace analyst,THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK,Singapore,"Provide Front Office system technical support for trading floor applications not limited to Market Data Products (Reuters, Bloomberg, EBS, ICAP), ION and other...",
221,data_analyst,"Analyst, Prepaid Platforms",Visa,Singapore,Ability to facilitate complex data gathering and synthesis of data to inform and design product enhancements or new products....,
222,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Helix Leisure,Singapore,"We are looking for an enthusiastic, driven and excitable Business Analyst. Salesforce.com, Marketo, Looker, Spark, AWS or Big Data system experience all a plus....",
223,data_analyst,Research Analyst - APAC,Pilot44,Singapore,"Able to clearly translate insights and data into easily digestible presentations. The Research Analyst will design, build and grow our research group....",
224,data_analyst,Process & Quality Analyst,SITA,Singapore,Analytical capabilities to present trends via data analysis. Perform statistical analysis on operational data & process analysis on existing work process...,
225,data_analyst,Market Analyst (Operations),SGX,Singapore,"Prepare data, analyse and report on market performance on a periodic basis. The Market Operations team is the core business unit in EMC that provides 24/7...",
226,data_analyst,Operations Analyst,TOWER RESEARCH CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Tower Research Capital, a high-frequency proprietary trading firm founded in 1998, seeks a Trade Operations Analyst to join its Singapore office....",
227,data_analyst,Data Analyst - Greenplum,SearchElect,Singapore,"About the Data Analyst,. 1-3 years of experience in building distributed, reliable and scalable data pipelines for data processing....",
228,data_analyst,Talent Fulfillment Analyst,Accenture,Singapore,Ensure accurate scheduling data in scheduling systems. Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world....,
229,data_analyst,Business Data Analyst,RUBICOR GROUP PTE. LIMITED,Singapore,Ability to understand the implications of data analysis and build a strategic story from this data. Xpand is looking to hire a Business Data Analyst who will be...,
230,data_analyst,Internship - Business Analyst,Infineon Technologies,Singapore,"Requirement gathering, design and creation of specifications, data mapping and testing. Make extensive use of an enterprise application integration tool for...",
231,data_analyst,IT Intern,Cargill,Singapore,"On business analytics, Cargill Global IT has implemented a data platform that connects data from various systems to provide real-time analytics of transactional...",
232,data_analyst,(WiT18) Data and Analytics Analyst/Lead,Citi,Central Singapore,Data & Analytics is an analytics community driving data related transformation across Citi business and geographies to create actionable intelligence for our...,
233,data_analyst,Principal Competitive Intelligence Analyst,Oracle,Singapore,"Presents at Voice of the Analyst events (when applicable) and/or other meetings. At NetSuite, the Research Analyst is part of the sales team....",
234,data_analyst,Project Analyst,Hewlett Packard Enterprise,Singapore,"Mine all their data for insights, on an open, agile cloud; 3-4 years of experience as a financial analyst or recent graduates may apply....",
235,data_analyst,Digital Analyst,Zimplistic.com,Singapore,Conduct deep-dive analysis into digital performance marketing data and ecommerce behavioral data. Partner with all relevant stakeholders to ensure data...,
236,data_analyst,Financial Planning Analyst,National University of Singapore,Queenstown,Strong quantitative skills and working knowledge of statistical modelling and data analytical tools. Reporting to the Deputy Director for Financial Planning &...,
237,data_analyst,Consumer & Marketing Insights Analyst (Neuroscience),Symrise,Singapore,"Interpreting data, analysing results using statistical techniques and providing ongoing reports. Advise on sources and types of data that could enhance the...",
238,data_analyst,Senior Information Analyst,Systems on Silicon Manufacturing,Pasir Ris,"Database knowledge (SQL commands, data accessing etc). Setup, configure and provide operation support to CIM system....",
239,data_analyst,Sourcing Senior Analyst -Manufacturing,NIKE INC,Singapore,"Gather data and monitor key performance indicators including fill rates, unplanned, delivery precision, quality, costing, and sustainability. About the role....",
240,data_analyst,Business Support Analyst,Autodesk,Singapore,"Business Support Analyst. Experience on Data management tools like SQL, Oracle are plus. Operated as Level 2 Support analyst with focus on continuous...",
241,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Alphanova Pte. Ltd.,Singapore,"Alphanova is looking for a Business Analyst. Deliver elements of systems design, including data migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed...",
242,data_analyst,Business Analyst 4 – Deal Desk Ops,Oracle,Singapore,"Business Analyst 4 – Deal Desk Ops-19000107. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format....",
243,data_analyst,International Search Quality Operations Analyst,Indeed,Singapore,Able to execute Boolean search queries and analyze data trends/sets (familiarity with SQL preferred but not necessary)....,
244,data_analyst,Forensic Analyst,Grab Taxi,Singapore,"As a Forensic Analyst at Grab, you’ll be responsible for hunting down hidden, buried, and deleted data in the terabytes of data Grab uses....",
245,data_analyst,STRATEGIC CATEGORY ANALYST,Micron,Singapore,"Analytics & Data Management. Support cost data and reporting environment. Support Supplier Financial data collection, interpretation and review....",
246,data_analyst,"Data Analyst, Transformation Project",Chandler Macleod,Singapore,An established commercial bank is currently undergoing a business transformation process therefore we are recruiting an experience Data Analyst to support the...,
247,data_analyst,Data Analyst - FMCG Industry,Adecco Personnel,Paya Lebar,"They are looking for Data Analyst who can perform project management for market research activities. Interpreting data, analysing results using statistical...",
248,data_analyst,Software QA Analyst,,Singapore,Roles & Responsibilities Understand and assess the quality of all basic/detailed design specifications such as (but not limited to) system flows; interface...,
249,data_analyst,"Analyst, Credit Research",FintruX Network,Singapore,"Identify relevant data sources and vendors for data acquisition. Work closely with the credit analysts in investigating credit and financial data, identifying...","$3,000 - $5,000 a month"
250,data_analyst,"Analyst, Global Operations Strategy",DELL,Central Singapore,"Conduct data analysis, market research and bench-marking. As an Analyst in our Global Operations Strategy organization, you will have the opportunity to...",
251,data_analyst,Finance Analyst (AR/Billing),IQVIA,Singapore,"IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients....",
252,data_analyst,Internship - Singapore - Business Analyst (Emerging Markets)...,Expedia,Singapore,"Become a HomeAway data guru, analyze internal and external complex datasets to identify business opportunities and data insights....",
253,data_analyst,Supply Chain Process Analyst/Senior Analyst,NIKE INC,Singapore,"Master Data, Materials Management, Sales & Distribution. As a SC Process Analyst, you will Represent Nike Trading Company (NTC) in system and process operation...",
254,data_analyst,Sr Associate Supply Chain,Amgen,Singapore,"Ability to organize, analyze and interpret technical data through trend analysis, forecasting, modeling, etc....",
255,data_analyst,Senior Marketing Planning Analyst,PALO ALTO NETWORKS (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Continue to progress data quality efforts within enterprise systems such as Salesforce.com and other tools to ensure all users are accessing accurate and timely...,
256,data_analyst,SharePoint Developer,Dimension Data,Kallang,"Diversity in Dimension Data. The TS Application Developer in Dimension Data designs, develops, maintains and administers transactional and analytical data...",
257,data_analyst,Cross Border Ecommerce - Country Analyst,Shopee,Singapore,Strong analytical skill and sensitivity to data. Analyse cross border performance and develop insights on the driving factors behind the figures....,
258,data_analyst,Data Engineer,CONSTRUCT PTE LTD,Singapore,We’re looking for an experienced Data Engineer (Generalist) who can create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture to ingest/merge and transform data...,
259,data_analyst,Senior LNG & Gas Analyst,KR Partners,Singapore,My client is looking for a Asia Lead Gas analyst to support the company’s growing portfolio of LNG data and analytics products....,
260,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst, Buy-side Platforms",Google,Singapore,"Familiarity with SQL and analytical experience working with large volumes of complex data. As a Financial Analyst, you'll provide decision support to the Asia...",
261,data_analyst,Component Analyst,Future Electronics,Singapore,Identify and communicate any missing/incomplete quote data resulting in potential problems in the upload/download of the data;...,
262,data_analyst,"Credit Risk Data Analyst for Group Credit Analytics, Risk Po...",OCBC Bank,Singapore,"Credit Risk Data Analyst for Group Credit Analytics, Risk Portfolio Management - (1800021M). Working in data-centric functions using data manipulation languages...",
263,data_analyst,Software Engineer (Data),Garena,Singapore,"Collaborate with other data engineers, web developers and data analysts on designing data models and product features....",
264,data_analyst,SOC Analyst - IFS/SA/TLY,ST Electronics (Info-Security) Pte Ltd,Singapore,Perform complex data analysis in support of security event management and binary analysis on suspicious files....,
265,data_analyst,Process Change Analyst (JD#4809),,Singapore,They are seeking for a meticulous change analyst to be part of the Data Governance team. Facilitate data compliance & governance initiatives / process /...,
266,data_analyst,Business Analyst - Asia Pacific,Plusgrade LP,Singapore,Data Guru - Proactively support the Partner Success team with data analysis that is insight driven and solution oriented....,
267,data_analyst,Global Reward Analyst,UNISYS SINGAPORE PTE LTD,Singapore,~ Analyse salary structure and market data to ensure structure is fair and competitive. Works on problems of large scope where analysis of situations or data...,
268,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Perform completeness and reconciliation checks of data in the Database by extracting data through SQL queries;...,
269,data_analyst,Capital Market Business Analyst,TOSS-EX PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Data analysis skills and ability to spot inconsistencies in large volumes of data. Roles & Responsibilities....,
270,data_analyst,SAS Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Responsible for data preparation and data mining for post campaign analysis; Hands-on experience using SAS for predictive modelling and data management;...,
271,data_analyst,Sensory Analyst,Firmenich,Singapore,"Organize routine external panel activities for sensory test including sample preparation, data collation & analysis, panelist performance monitoring and report...",
272,data_analyst,CRM Business Analyst,Sephora SEA,Singapore,"CRM Business Analyst, Sephora SEA. Solid analytical skills and the ability to collect & synthesize data independently....",
273,data_analyst,Analyst,Glittering Boost Digital,Singapore,"2+ years of experience in product management or analyst position. Ability to elicit, articulate and document process modelling, business requirements,...",
274,data_analyst,Purchasing Analyst,Total,Singapore,Assist to troubleshoot vendor master data online system. Type of Contract:....,
275,data_analyst,Information Assurance Analyst,Experian,Central Singapore,"Support department heads in engaging auditors, regulators and clients in their audit and compliance matters including the collation of data/ information/...",
276,data_analyst,PERFORMANCE DEVELOPMENT ANALYST,NEWFORT HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT,Singapore,"The Performance Development Analyst performs the critical role of accurate and timely archiving, translating and transmitting data from Sales/Revenue, Finance...",
277,data_analyst,Data Engineer (User Trust),Grab Taxi,Singapore,Streamline data access and security to enable data scientists and analysts to easily access to data whenever they need....,
278,data_analyst,BI Analyst,CooperVision,Singapore,BI Analyst - SIN0245. Data (logical & physical) Modeling tools and methodologies in data design. Carries out fact finding and data analysis of data integrity...,
279,data_analyst,Research Analyst (Healthcare/Office Hours),Aim Recruit Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Possess good organization, management with data analytical and good writing skills. Assists the Manager in preparation, regular review and update of research...","$3,500 - $4,500 a month"
280,data_analyst,Hadoop Technology Analyst_Infosys_Singapore [Full Time],Infosys Limited,Singapore,"Experienced and certified Hadoop Technology Analyst required. Understanding of Flume, Sqoop and Exporting / importing data into HDFS.Â....",
281,data_analyst,Market Research Analyst,The Advertiser,Singapore,Market Research Analyst. Monthly reports and data visualisation. Analyse economic data and financial market performance....,
282,data_analyst,Underwriting Risk Analyst,Paypal,Singapore,"Be comfortable with complex data and analytics to draw meaningful insights. As the Underwriting Risk Analyst, you will be the first line of defense for...",
283,data_analyst,Reporting Analyst,TELEDIRECT PTE LTD,Singapore,"Knowledge of data tools. Data analysis, spotting data trends, performing gap analysis, generating reports, and recommending improvements to current business...",
284,data_analyst,Business Analyst,NTUC ENTERPRISE NEXUS CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED,Singapore,"To support additional need for business data and analysis as required. Collect and analyze data, system procedural activities and information flows, and assess...",
285,data_analyst,"Analyst, Innovation Practice",Nielsen,Singapore,"Analyst, Innovation Practice. Analyst, Innovation Practice - 32306. Analyze and interpret processed data to discover consumer insights....",
286,data_analyst,"FX Services Technology Business Analyst, VP",JP Morgan Chase,Singapore,"In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and...",
287,data_analyst,Regional Financial Planner & Analyst,Ninja Logistics Pte Ltd (Ninja Van),Singapore,"Financial Planning & Analyst:. Excellent analytical skills to process voluminous data, interpret trends, establish high-quality insights and business...","$4,000 - $6,500 a month"
288,data_analyst,Risk Analyst,Grab Taxi,Singapore,"Provide input on proposed and upcoming privacy-related projects for Grab company • Responsible for assisting with the management of the data privacy, data...",
289,data_analyst,"Data/Business Analyst, Customer Relations",The Ascott Limited,Singapore,"Ensure safety/integrity, quality and usability of data. Attend to ad-hoc data requests from various stakeholders....",
290,data_analyst,Senior Associate Analyst,Defence Science and Technology Agency,Singapore,"Apply data visualisation and storytelling techniques to design and formulate data science experiments and hypothesis, and communicate findings....",
291,data_analyst,Staffing Programs Specialist,Google,Singapore,"Build data, reporting and insights to measure impact of our programs. Ability to interpret different data sets to decipher patterns and come up with actionable...",
292,data_analyst,"Graduate Risk Analyst, Central Risk",Macquarie Group Limited,Singapore,"As a successful candidate for the role, you will be completing a tertiary level qualification in 2019 in finance, economics, engineering, math, data science,...",
293,data_analyst,Senior Business Analyst,Dyson,Singapore,"Reporting to the Business Analyst Lead, you will be responsible for:. Takes responsibility for understanding client requirements, collecting data, delivering...",
294,data_analyst,Know Your Client (KYC) Solutions Singapore - KYC Specialist...,JP Morgan Chase,Singapore,"Confidential handling and maintenance of sensitive client data and documentation. Strong research, analytical and comprehension skills, with ability to analyze...",
295,data_analyst,Financial Analyst,Dimension Data,Kallang,Diversity in Dimension Data. The primary goal of the Financial Analyst is to gather and analyse financial data to facilitate decision making and provide...,
296,data_analyst,Quantitative Analyst Intern,AlphaGrep Pte. Ltd.,Suntec,"Designing, implementing, and deploying high-frequency trading algorithms • Exploring trading ideas by analyzing market data and market microstructure for...",
297,data_analyst,Senior Credit Analyst - Corporate Banking,HSBC,Singapore,We are currently seeking a high caliber professional to join our team as Senior Credit Analyst . Personal data held by the Bank relating to employment...,
298,data_analyst,Associate Analyst - Revenue Management,Marina Bay Sands,Singapore,"Possess exceptional communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal, including the ability to communicate findings and other data clearly and...",
299,data_analyst,Citi Private Bank S and D Settlements Analyst,Citi,Central Singapore,"Primary Location: Singapore,Singapore,Singapore Education: Bachelor's Degree Job Function: Operations Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Employee Status:...",
300,data_analyst,Business Intelligence Analyst,SERVICESOURCE INTERNATIONAL SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Work with the Data Services team with tools that Sales and Operations Services can use to extract data / insights for daily business management in an automated...,
301,data_analyst,"Analyst, Business Intelligence",GO-JEK SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"BigQuery, Postgres, MySQL and data modeling. You should have a keen eye for patterns in data. You should be able to pull useful insights from data for business...",
302,data_analyst,Business Analyst,INTEGRO TECHNOLOGIES PTE LTD,Singapore,"Competence in data modelling, rapid applications development, or process re-engineering is a plus. To be part of the Professional Services Team as business...",
303,data_analyst,Business Analyst,INTELLECT MINDS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Experience in analysing data to draw business-relevant conclusions. Our client is an establish company a, leader within their industry, is now looking for a...",
304,data_analyst,"Bank Analyst, Client Data",GMP Group,Singapore,Perform data enrichment activities and monitor control reports specific to CRS. Process data from upstream system and update the relevant downstream system....,
305,data_analyst,Data Migration Analyst,Aryan Search Pte Ltd,Singapore,We are looking Data Migration Analyst for one of our leading IT client in Singapore. Work across multiple functional projects to understand data usage and...,
306,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,Canalys,Singapore,Work with digital team to improve research and data collection methodologies. Canalys are recruiting for a Senior Analyst position within the Canalys Channels...,
307,data_analyst,LNG Market Analyst (South Asia) - ICIS - Singapore,Reed Business Information,Singapore,South Asia LNG Analyst. ICIS is looking for a gas and LNG analyst for the South Asia region to support the company’s growing portfolio of LNG data and analytics...,
308,data_analyst,"Associate, Investment Services Analyst",GIC Investment,Singapore,Evaluate and understand business data needs with the objective to integrate different data sources using technology to drive improvements in efficiency to...,
309,data_analyst,"Global Information Security, 2019 Full Time Analyst, Singapo...",Citi,Central Singapore,"Analysts will gain firsthand experience in data protection, global identification management, infrastructure defense, and more....",
310,data_analyst,Business Research Analyst,HK01,Singapore,"Demonstrated experience with data modeling, extracting information out of large data sets and analysis. Analyze and present data about internet industry &...",
311,data_analyst,Transaction Banking SME,VIRTUSA SINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED,Singapore,"Develop and run automated scripts for loading and maintaining static data in UAT test environment. Work closely with product owners, business analyst and...",
312,data_analyst,Aluminium Analyst,STONE FOREST ACCOUNTSERVE PTE LTD,Singapore,"You will be required to maintain and develop a structured approach to data collection, storage and analysis in the aluminium sector whilst performing detailed...",
313,data_analyst,Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst,BNP Paribas,Singapore,"The Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst will collect, research, coordinate, and deliver intelligence gathered from various sources to increase BNPP’s cyber threat...",
314,data_analyst,"Analyst, Product Marketing",DELL,Central Singapore,"Advanced Excel capabilities e.g. Pivot tables, calculations, chart creation, and presentation of data, linking to external data/tables....",
315,data_analyst,SOFTWARE QUALITY ANALYST,D L RESOURCES PTE LTD,Singapore,"Extensive experience in writing test specifications (plans, cases, script and data). Roles & Responsibilities....",
316,data_analyst,SAP ECM Analyst,Accenture,Singapore,"Prepare the test data for User Acceptance Test. As a SAP ECM Analyst, you will work closely with the business units to help provide support & enhancement work...",
317,data_analyst,Supply Chain Analyst,Flex,Changi,"Global Data Privacy Officer:. The Senior Supply Chain Solution Analyst will be based in Changi, Singapore. If you have any queries about the processing of your...",
318,data_analyst,"Data Analyst (Technology MNC, Central, Immediate!)",Adecco Personnel,Singapore,Perform in depth data analysis to identify gaps and share his findings. Opportunity to work in a World Leading Technology MNC organization....,
319,data_analyst,INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALYST,D L RESOURCES PTE LTD,Singapore,"Knowledge and experience in Application Software Testing and writing test specifications (plans, cases, script and data) is preferred (not mandatory)....",
320,data_analyst,Business Analyst,HELIUS TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Experience and adept in doing data related analysis using database tables and Excel. Support work related to Change Management, system impact analysis, perform...",
321,data_analyst,Murex Back Office Functional Business Analyst,IntroPro,Singapore,Assist with data migration exercises from existing application to Murex during initial project phases. Murex Application Responsibility:....,
322,data_analyst,"Data Analyst, Enterprise Metadata",Hays,Singapore,"Data Analyst candidates with Experiences in data management,managing data operations, handling metadata....",
323,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst, Media Incentives",Google,Singapore,Data analysis experience. Familiarity with SQL and analytical experience working with large volumes of complex data....,
324,data_analyst,Marketing/CRO Analyst,StyleTheory,Singapore,"Marketing Data Management - manage data structure for marketing channel consumption and output, logic. Collaborate closely with data and product teams to...",
325,data_analyst,Client Support Analyst (Korean Speaking) - Support Korea mar...,Softenger Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Client is seeking a dedicated client support analyst to work with a global social media organization. This position will be challenged with having to balance...,
326,data_analyst,Fixed Income Analyst,Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. Foundamental Credit Analyst with at least 3 years relevant experience, preferably in a generalist role....",
327,data_analyst,Data Analytics Lead,Government Technology Agency,Singapore,"Potentially deployed to other public agencies to be their Data Analyst Lead, which would involve leading a data analytics team and driving the data science...",
328,data_analyst,Murex Support Analyst,NTT DATA SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Roles & Responsibilities To provide day-to-day production support for the Murex/MLC/Risk users (Front office, Back-office, Finance etc.). To carry out Duty...",
329,data_analyst,"Analyst, Test & Deploy - Direct Contract",Singtel,Singapore,Ensure availability of appropriate test environments and data. Program Spring is a large business and IT transformation program to implement new processes and...,
330,data_analyst,Senior Research Analyst - Materials & Energy,Franklin Templeton Investments,Singapore,Senior Research Analyst - Materials & Energy-824253. Compile data from multiple sources and develop detailed financial models on companies....,
331,data_analyst,Demand & Supply Planning Analyst APAC,Thermo Fisher Scientific,Singapore,"Demand & Supply Planning Analyst. Responsible for accuracy/routine maintenance of demand & supply data within the ERP system or equivalent including forecast,...",
332,data_analyst,"Data Analyst , Power BI",Spring Professional (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.,Singapore,"They are now looking for a Data Analyst at Singapore HQ. Business Analyst , Power BI. Build and maintain domain expertise in relevant data sets and be able to...",
333,data_analyst,Ethnographer,MSD,Singapore,Knowledge of qualitative data analysis software. Prepare and organize qualitative and quantitative data for analysis....,
334,data_analyst,Risk Analyst - Visa Consulting & Analytics,Visa,Singapore,Data sets will include alternate data sourced from non-traditional data vendors and data from diverse systems maintained by card issuing clients....,
335,data_analyst,Business Analyst,CAPGEMINI SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Gather and document user requirements, prepare user specifications of data requirements and reports, including analysing data gaps and data specifications from...",
336,data_analyst,IT Support Analyst,M&C Saatchi Performance,Singapore,"This includes maintaining, supporting, and optimising key functional areas, particularly server and data infrastructure and the desktop environment....",
337,data_analyst,Lazada eLogistics-Billing & Claims Analyst-Singapore,Lazada,Singapore,Ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and ability to convert complex data into concise and actionable intelligence....,
338,data_analyst,Analyst,SOOCHOW CSSD CAPITAL MARKETS (ASIA) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Strong analytical skills with experience in using data platforms such as Bloomberg, S&P Capital IQ, Thomson Reuters, etc. Roles & Responsibilities....",
339,data_analyst,"Business Planning and Operations Analyst, APAC",Facebook,Singapore,Business insights - Manage data ETL pipelines and dashboards. Demonstrated problem solving ability with experience providing practical business insights from...,
340,data_analyst,Analyst / Senior Analyst,IPSOS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Analyzing data and information. Summarize and analyze secondary data. Gather and accumulate useful field data....,
341,data_analyst,Technology Team Lead - BI,MoneySmart Group,Singapore,Knowledge in Data Science / Big Data Analytics will be a plus. Provide data stewardship for the business which include building and maintaining data definitions...,
342,data_analyst,Sales Operations Analyst,Singtel,Singapore,"Excel proficiency - Advance (ability to understand and use Charts, Pivot Table, Lookup table, IF functions, Data Table, Range, Name, to build dynamic template...",
343,data_analyst,Project Business Analyst,ANZ Banking Group,Singapore,"Experience in straight-through-processing and building interfaces, data mappings for interconnecting systems. As a Business Analyst, you will work closely with...",
344,data_analyst,Data Engineer Internship - Singapore,Kpler,Singapore,"We develop data pipelines that enrich data from hundreds of sources in real-time, ranging from logistics (satellite images) to governmental and shipping...",
345,data_analyst,Global Reporting Analyst,Huntsman,Singapore,2.3 Coordinate and monitor the monthly financial data submission by various reporting units across the globe....,
346,data_analyst,"QC Laboratory Technician, Microbiology",Novartis,Singapore,Receives training and analyst qualification to perform sampling/testing under cGMPs. Proficiency in using systems for data entry or processing standard request...,
347,data_analyst,Distressed Debt Analyst,Reorg Research,Singapore,"Our analyst team talks to many of the top distressed hedge funds on a daily basis. Minimum of 1-2 years of investment banking, advisory or desk analyst...",
348,data_analyst,"Analyst, Innovation - Service Logistics APAC",DHL SUPPLY CHAIN SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Demonstrated ability to handle and relate to large quantities of data. Roles & Responsibilities....,
349,data_analyst,Commercial Data Analyst,GMP Group,Singapore,"Highlight future risks and opportunities through data mining of internal and external data. At least 5 years of relevant experience in handling big data,...",
350,data_analyst,Strategic Planning Analyst,NEP BROADCAST SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Study and analyse the various business data and financial information, including market trend to solicit new clients. Roles & Responsibilities....",
351,data_analyst,Sr. Test Analyst,Cognizant,Singapore,Designing methods for the creation of test data. 6+ years’ experience of Test Automation Framework implementation and Framework types....,
352,data_analyst,Data Engineer,Government Technology Agency,Singapore,"Familiar with data modeling, data access, and data storage infrastructure like Data Mart, Data Lake, and Data Warehouse....",
353,data_analyst,"Software Engineer, Data Team",Traveloka,Singapore,"You will collaborate with Data Analysts and/or Data Scientists in designing, refining, and implementing algorithms and in systems development....",
354,data_analyst,"Analyst, Investment Operations",Mitsubishi UFJ Fund Services,Singapore,"Assist in data vendor management such as Bloomberg, IDC, Thomson Reuters, MarkIt Partners, etc. Ensure timely and accurate global portfolio pricing and...",
355,data_analyst,College Intern - Business Operations Analyst,Hewlett Packard Enterprise,Singapore,"Compiles key metrics, produces reports, and analyzes data using IT systems for demand and supply matching activities....",
356,data_analyst,"Associate, Institutional Equity Sales",TORONTO DOMINION (SOUTH EAST ASIA) LIMITED,Singapore,"Leading TD equity analyst introductions. Being fully informed on market data, economic information and key industry developments as well as regulatory standards...",
357,data_analyst,"Analyst Intern, Management Consulting",IQVIA,Singapore,"Experience working with data sets, finding insights in unstructured data will be advantageous. IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data...",
358,data_analyst,"Broker, Commodity (Financial)",EVOLUTION MARKETS ASIA,Singapore,Extraordinary market analyst opportunity with leading global energy and environmental commodity brokerage....,
359,data_analyst,Data Scientist,SPOTIFY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Extensive experience manipulating and analysing complex data with SQL, Python and/or R. Familiarity with big data processing frameworks like Hadoop or Spark is...",
360,data_analyst,Analyst - Consumer Insights (Linear),"Discovery Communications, LLC",Singapore,Channel performance with both external and internal data. Create in-depth research reports through hands-on data query and analysis of complex syndicated...,
361,data_analyst,Data Engineer,GRABTAXI HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Real passion for data, new data technologies, and discovering new and interesting solutions to the company’s data needs....",
362,data_analyst,Business Analyst,TANGSPAC CONSULTING PTE LTD,Singapore,You will be the Business Analyst (BA) specialising in the digital channels (internet/mobile banking) platform within the Private Banking space....,
363,data_analyst,Contract - IT Data Analyst cum Developer,Infineon Technologies,Singapore,Perform analysis and validation of data sources. Map the data sources and fields from the various systems and applications to the standard interface files....,
364,data_analyst,"Data Scientist, Global Data Innovation Centre",Dentsu Aegis,Singapore,"Data Scientist, Global Data Innovation Centre. Experience handling imbalanced data classes. Experience in dealing with large unstructured data sets....",
365,data_analyst,"Sourcing Snr Analyst, Manufacturing",NIKE TRADING COMPANY B.V. SINGAPORE BRANCH,Singapore,"Gather data and monitor key performance indicators including fill rates, unplanned, delivery precision, quality, costing, and sustainability....",
366,data_analyst,System Analyst,MavenTree Technology Pte. Ltd.,Singapore,"Experience in J2SE and/or J2EE, Unit Testing, SQL, JPA2, Hibernate, Design Patterns, Data Structures, Version Control Systems and Struts....",
367,data_analyst,Finance Analyst - Credit,Cardinal Health,Singapore,Able to clearly communicate a cohesive and concise story around business drivers behind financial data and potential implications on future results....,
368,data_analyst,Financial Reporting Analyst (Region Office),UPS ASIA GROUP PTE. LTD.,Singapore,The Financial Reporting Analyst reports to the supervisor. The Financial Reporting Analyst supports international regions and He/She generates managerial and...,
369,data_analyst,Financial Analyst,Google,Singapore,"Spreadsheets/ SQL) skills, with the ability to work effectively with large volumes of complex data. As a Financial Analyst, your work, whether it's modeling...",
370,data_analyst,IPB Data Capability Manager,Citi,Central Singapore,"Data Enrichment and Metadata:. The manager reporting to the Data Capability lead in the country will drive the 3 A’s of information management – Accuracy,...",
371,data_analyst,Demand Planning Analyst,GLOBALFOUNDRIES,Woodlands,Support other key stakeholder interlocks/requests with analytics and data. Provide key data outputs to strategic planning teams for supply/demand match...,
372,data_analyst,"Startup Business Analyst, APAC",Amazon Web Services Singapore,Singapore,"Pro-actively analyze all such data reporting and articulate the trends, actions items, etc. Leverage both external and internal data points to do extensive...",
373,data_analyst,"Executive, Media (Analyst, Market Research)",Nielsen,Singapore,"Executive, Media ( Analyst, Market Research ). By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients...",
374,data_analyst,Quality Assurance Analyst (based in Singapore),Ground Labs Pte Ltd,Central Business District,"Developing, documenting and maintaining functional test cases and other test artefacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated...",
375,data_analyst,Data Engineer,ALPHA Z ANALYTICS SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,The Data Engineer will support data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout...,
376,data_analyst,"Senior IT Analyst, APAC","TURNER BROADCASTING SALES SOUTHEAST ASIA, INC",Singapore,The Senior IT Analyst will provide onsite and remote support for 125+ end-users across South East Asia. The Senior IT Analyst will also be responsible for...,
377,data_analyst,Product Analyst,MONEYSMART SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Ability to relate data to the real world, making sure it’s relevant, understandable and actionable. Roles & Responsibilities....",
378,data_analyst,Demand Controller,BP,Singapore,Ability to synthesize data from a broad range of sources and reach an accurate conclusion. The Regional Demand controller assists the Demand Control function...,
379,data_analyst,Planning Analyst (MEAS),Emerson,West Coast,Planning Analyst (MEAS). Develops a strong understanding of data resources and utilize demographic and analytical tools to makes decisions and resolve complex...,
380,data_analyst,Senior Analyst / Analytics,Project68,Singapore,Passionate about data and driven to help an organisation go beyond their existing data service capabilities. An amazing opportunity for someone passionate about...,
381,data_analyst,Risk Analyst,XL Catlin,Singapore,Excellent attention to detail and a meticulous eye for identifying inconsistencies or inaccuracies in data entry or data outputs....,
382,data_analyst,Data Analytics Membership Temporary Executive (9-11 months c...,Sport Singapore,Singapore," Data management and data preparation to support data requests.  Technical expertise to data mine, adept at queries, present insights using Tableau....",
383,data_analyst,Analyst / Senior Analyst,BDO CONSULTANTS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"You are required to work with team to conduct primary and secondary search, do data compilation and analysis report. Roles & Responsibilities....",
384,data_analyst,"Investigator, Extended Workforce Solutions",Google,Singapore,"Experience analyzing data and presenting trends to peers and managers, highlighting data patterns that could be useful for making business decisions....",
385,data_analyst,Business Analyst,ACCION LABS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Good understanding of Unsecured Credit, Credit Card/Personal Loans, Core Banking and data requirement for MAS759/760 reporting....",
386,data_analyst,Investment Analyst,Tookitaki Holding PTE LTD,Singapore,"The Investment Analyst will work alongside with Senior Management to support all aspects of sourcing, portfolio management & fund operations....",
387,data_analyst,Business Analyst Intern (18-24 weeks),Illumina,Singapore,The Business Analyst Intern will report directly to the APJ Data Operations Manager and will be part of the Data Operations team....,
388,data_analyst,IT App Trade Floor Support Analyst,Barclays,Singapore,"IT App Trade Floor Support Analyst - 90218437. Concepts of financial products risk management, awareness of financial instrument pricing, concepts of market...",
389,data_analyst,"Data Scientist, Advisory, Performance Improvement, Data Anal...",Ernst & Young OM,Singapore,"Data stream mining / mobile data mining / online learning,. EY Data and Analytics creates intelligent client organizations using data & advanced analytics....",
390,data_analyst,CRM Analyst,Shopee,Singapore,"Closely liaise with Data engineering team in establishing data pipelines to meet campaign requirement. Provide queries and data outputs for campaign sizing,...",
391,data_analyst,"Business Planning and Operations Analyst, Greater China",Facebook,Singapore,"Business insights - Manage data pipelines and dashboards. Demonstrated problem solving ability with experience providing practical business insights from large,...",
392,data_analyst,Business Analyst,ALPHATECH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Business Analyst with minimum 5 years of experience as a BA. The deliverables related to Data quality issues and monitoring issues to fix the gap arising in IMR...,
393,data_analyst,Business Analyst,INNOVARE MANAGEMENT SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Perform requirements gathering, organise data, simplify and communicate them. Roles & Responsibilities....",
394,data_analyst,Business Analyst,HAYS SPECIALIST RECRUITMENT PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"As the business analyst, you will be work closely with the marketing analytics team to provide deep and valuable data insights to support business decision...",
395,data_analyst,HRIS Analyst,Xylem,Singapore,"Oversee mass data uploads including organizational updates and acquisition data. Supports Workday HCM implementation for data conversion, transition data,...",
396,data_analyst,Content Analyst - Asia Benchmark Content Production,Refinitiv,Singapore,"Act as a source of knowledge for own data, communicating with other departments and external departments in the resolution of queries on contributed data and...",
397,data_analyst,SAP BW/BI HANA,Kris Infotech,Changi,"Application Analyst –BIand Reporting Systems*. Conducts quality assurance of deliverables (reports, data reconciliation between source systems and data...",
398,data_analyst,IT & Infrastructure Support Analyst,Time Warner,Singapore,"IT & Infrastructure Support Analyst. Problems may be resolved by providing advice or training to users about an application's functionality, correct operation...",
399,data_analyst,Technology Analyst,INFOSYS LIMITED SINGAPORE BRANCH,Singapore,Automation for the regression scenarios and creating the SQL queries for data validation. Selenium Automation for the regression scenarios and creating the SQL...,
400,data_analyst,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst – Marketing,ZALORA SEA,Singapore,"Experience working on channel attribution, performance marketing data, customer and site analytics data....",
401,data_analyst,Test Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,"Perform regression tests, functional tests and data tests; An exciting opportunity as a Test Analyst to be part of their business change and digital...",
402,data_analyst,Reporting Analyst,ITCAN PTE. LIMITED,Singapore,"Bachelor’s degree in data communications, computer networking or relevant discipline. Analyze Information - Reporting analysts take an active role in data...",
403,data_analyst,Senior Planning Analyst (Supply Chain Analytics),Dyson,Singapore,"Reporting to the Global IBP Process Lead, the Senior Planning Analyst will drive the data analytics of the global planning data....",
404,data_analyst,Financial Analyst,WILHELMSEN SHIPS SERVICE (S) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Proficient with Microsoft Excel and able to use complicated formulas to manage large volume of data. Roles & Responsibilities....,
405,data_analyst,Integration Analyst,Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. Our client is a well known leading asset management company....,
406,data_analyst,Project Analyst,THE STAKEHOLDER COMPANY PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"The Data Analyst is central to the development of the volume, accuracy and quality of the company’s core data sets through stakeholder and issue driven research...",
407,data_analyst,Digital Governance & Quality Assurance Analyst,Singapore Pools,Singapore,"Strong test analyst skills including writing high quality test specifications (plan cases, script and data) on accurate business requirement analysis in current...",
408,data_analyst,Business Analyst,TELEDIRECT PTE LTD,Singapore,"The Business Analyst is responsible for collecting, analyzing, and evaluating data and information to assist the team in developing business solutions and/or...",
409,data_analyst,Regional Data Analyst,Hays,Singapore,"You should have at least 5 year’s experience in data mining, architect or analyst roles. Understand data ETL processes....",
410,data_analyst,Media Analyst- DAZN (SIN0033),PERFORM Group,Singapore,Maximisation of data partnerships. Our growing team is looking for a Media Analyst and the main responsibilities include:....,
411,data_analyst,APAC Sales Order Ops Analyst,Elastic,Singapore,Customer account data quality management. To solve the world's data problems with products that delight and inspire....,
412,data_analyst,Sales Operations Analyst (Contract),Zendesk,Singapore,"We are looking for a Sales Operations Data Analyst that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions...",
413,data_analyst,"Analyst/Senior Analyst, Group FP&A",Garena,Singapore,"Experience with voluminous data management, statistics and research methodology will be a plus. Participate in ad-hoc projects, such as process improvement,...",
414,data_analyst,Analyst Information Technology,GLOBALFOUNDRIES,Woodlands,"Data center support. Sr Analyst IT (L4). Experience and understanding of IT infrastructure services that include LAN, WAN, telecommunications, hardware,...",
415,data_analyst,"Business Analyst (RPA,Tableau) (Renewable Contract / Pasir P...",Jobster Pte Ltd EA License No: 06C5060,Singapore,"Support Data Analytical (DA) initiatives through the creation and maintenance of Tableau dashboards. Monday to Friday, 830am to 6pm....",
416,data_analyst,Oracle Technology Analyst,Infosys Limited,Singapore,"Requirements Should have 3 - 6 years of verifiable working experience in Oracle PL/SQL, Unix, Informatica, Autosys Good experience in production support (L1/L2)...",
417,data_analyst,Analyst- Bus Dev & Sales,First Solar,Singapore,"Basic Job Functions: First Solar is the world’s largest manufacturer of thin-film photovoltaic modules, with planned capacity to produce in excess of 5 GW...",
418,data_analyst,Financial Analyst,BCD TRAVEL ASIA PACIFIC PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Weekly and monthly business data consolidation from respective owned market includes data QC, alignment and follow up for any data gap....",
419,data_analyst,Test Analyst,BLUECHIP PLATFORMS ASIA PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Effectively monitor test cases, test data and review interface testing between different applications when needed. Roles & Responsibilities....",
420,data_analyst,Cognitive Automation Business Analyst,UBS,Singapore,Data Blending and Predictive Analysis software like Alteryx and visualization tools like Tableau etc. Are you passionate about delivering robust and scalable...,
421,data_analyst,Operational Excellence - Quality Analyst,Facebook,Singapore,Surface trends through data analysis that educate support processes and improve team efficiency. We’re always working to improve the platform experience for...,
422,data_analyst,Assoc Prof:Programmer Analyst,DXC,Singapore,"Performs data analysis. Performs data analysis to support internal and external project needs. Assists in the completion of unit testing by preparing test data,...",
423,data_analyst,"Researcher, Southeast Asia",Eurasia Group,Singapore,Ability to exercise independent judgment when evaluating relevant data that will contribute to the firm’s analytical products....,
424,data_analyst,"Regional Business Analyst Associate, Technology Product Mana...",S&P Global,Singapore,"Big Data, Data Science, Data Governance, Content Management. Regional Business Analyst Associate, Technology Product Management....",
425,data_analyst,"Big Data Administrator (Linux, Hadoop, Hortonwork Data Platf...",Softenger Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Knowledge of Hortonworks Data Platform. The Big Data team operates the RUN activities and delivers projects for its infrastructure scope covering all Big Data...,
426,data_analyst,Senior Test Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,Possesses ability to handle large volumes of data and data quality; An exciting opportunity with one of the leading organisations to enhance the career...,
427,data_analyst,Regional FP&A Analyst,BRITISH COUNCIL (SINGAPORE) LIMITED,Singapore,"You will support the Teaching Financial Planning and Analysis team by providing accurate consolidation, review and analysis of the financial data linked with...",
428,data_analyst,Planning Analyst (MEAS_18018635),EMERSON PROCESS MANAGEMENT ASIA PACIFIC PRIVATE LI...,Singapore,Develops a strong understanding of data resources and utilize demographic and analytical tools to makes decisions and resolve complex problems....,
429,data_analyst,QC Associate - Chemist,GlaxoSmithKline,Tuas,"Perform peer review for verification of task and data. We are currently looking for one individual to join the Quality team as a QC Analyst (Associate),...",
430,data_analyst,HR Operations Partner,Halliburton,Singapore,"Operations Manager, Supply, Data Management, Data Analyst, Operations, Data. Assists managers and employees with report generation and interpretation of HR data...",
431,data_analyst,Data Engineer,ORICA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Build data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership. Knowledge of machine learning tools, basic statistics, data visualization techniques...",
432,data_analyst,TDS ANALYST-IT SOFTWARE,Accenture,Singapore,Knowledge and working experience on Temenos Data Source (TDS). Do you want to gain valuable skills and experience working as a contractor?...,
433,data_analyst,Analyst/Senior Analyst,Access Partnership,Singapore,Graphic design or data visualisation skills a plus. Access Partnerships seeks an intellectually curious and articulate Analyst or Senior Analyst for our...,
434,data_analyst,Commercial and Trading Analyst,ExxonMobil,Singapore,"Data systems, bespoke analytical tools, Reuters Eikon, SAP. Key trading commercial resource to drive opportunity identification, capture and risk mitigation...",
435,data_analyst,Nielsen Fast Forward Intern - July to Dec 2019,The Nielsen Company,Singapore,"Hone your market research skills and understanding through (co-)management of assigned product/project i.e. project set up, questionnaire design, fieldwork,...",
436,data_analyst,Senior Technical Architect,McLaren,Singapore,"O Underlying infrastructure for Big Data Solutions (Clustered/Distributed Computing, Storage, Data Centre Networking)....",
437,data_analyst,Mantas Business Analyst,VIRTUSA SINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED,Singapore,Perform analysis of target data to identify and resolve data issues that impact the effectiveness of the Mantas solution....,
438,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Snap Cart,Singapore,"Translate business needs to data requirements. We’re looking for a creative, passionate, data-driven business intelligence analyst to bridge the business side...",
439,data_analyst,Associate Sales Engineer Analyst,DELL,Central Singapore,"The SE Analyst is expected to receive, organize, structure, and extract trends from data to support the field SE's throughout their consulting engagements....",
440,data_analyst,Data Analyst ($3800 / Japanese MNC / West),ScienTec Personnel,Singapore,"Diploma or Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Analytics or Big Data Analytics. Create reports and data visualization....",
441,data_analyst,"Business Analyst, Business Process Reengineering",Government Technology Agency,Singapore,"Collect, analyse, synthesize and draw insights and conclusions from feedback, workshop output, research materials and other data points to formulate hypothesis...",
442,data_analyst,Quality Assurance Analyst,GENPACT CONSULTING (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"2 years Technical experience – Technology background with application support understanding, should have working or subject knowledge of social media apps – app...",
443,data_analyst,System Analyst,TOTAL EBIZ SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Good understanding of the data design in SAP HCM . At least 3 years of SAP HCM ERP experience in data administrations support. Roles & Responsibilities....,
444,data_analyst,"Policy Analyst, Syndication and Distribution, Trust and Safe...",Google,Singapore,"Conduct complex data analyses and identify opportunities/sources for new signals, automation, and workflow improvements, then drive the utilization of these new...",
445,data_analyst,Senior Order Backlog & Fulfillment Analyst,Aruba Networks,Singapore,"Very strong analytical and data modeling skills. In a typical day as a Senior Order Backlog & Fulfillment Analyst, you would....",
446,data_analyst,"Specialist,Cyber Intelligence & Resp",MSD,Singapore,"Also, emerging technologies like cloud, mobility and data analytics require strong IT Risk and Compliance early involvement....",
447,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Consumer Banking),OCBC Bank,Singapore,"Business Analyst (Consumer Banking) - (1900002L). Work with Solution Architects, Data Modelers, Systems Analysts, and Source system support teams to produce...",
448,data_analyst,Senior Business Analyst,THAKRAL BROTHERS (PRIVATE) LIMITED,Singapore,Roles & Responsibilities Demonstrates understanding of business needs & complex business requirements Explores alternative solutions based on business goals &...,
449,data_analyst,QC Chemist,Pfizer Inc.,Singapore,"The Chemist is to support the operation of Reference Standards Program and/or Surveillance Program. The incumbent is accountable for: cGMP, Safety and...",
450,data_analyst,Finished Goods Operations Support (SAP),Micron,Singapore,Maintenance of SAP meta data and configuration tables. Responsiblities of the business process analyst ( also known as Finished Goods Operations Support). Req....,
451,data_analyst,Corporate Actions Senior Research Analyst (Mandarin Speaking...,IHS Markit,Singapore,The Sr Research Analyst is part of the Singapore local and global leadership team for Markit Corporate Actions Data Strategy and Operations....,
452,data_analyst,SYSTEMS ANALYST (Data Engineer),Urban Redevelopment Authority,Singapore,"The Systems Analyst (Data Engineer) would assemble large and complex data sets into data pipeline, redesign and optimize data cleaning and geospatial analysis...",
453,data_analyst,"AVP, Data Engineer",NTUC LINK PRIVATE LIMITED,Singapore,Develop and support the data pipeline to integrate new data from various data sources with emerging data technologies....,
454,data_analyst,PMO Analyst – Migration Programme,Payments & Cards Network,Singapore,"Data capture and analysis skills. As the PMO Analyst you will be managing the data capture, logging, analysis and interpretation of the programme data and...",
455,data_analyst,Data Strategy Manager,COLLECTIUS CMS HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Expertise in statistics, structured and unstructured data analytics, predictive modeling and data visualization....",
456,data_analyst,Ops Analyst,Success Resource Centre Pte Ltd,Singapore,Job Description Permanent Tanjong Pagar Monday to Friday 9am 6.30pm $2500 to $3500 (Depending on experience) Responsibilities: Report to the Chief Investment...,
457,data_analyst,"Support Analyst (DataWarehouse), GTO",United Overseas Bank Ltd UOB,Singapore,"The Data Application Support team is within the Business Technology Services function, supporting the Bank’s suite of Data warehouse, ETL, BI and Big Data...",
458,data_analyst,Production Support Analyst,ITCS Group,Singapore,"Coordinate with different teams/upstream to identify the data issues. Analyse, understand and map the Business needs with the actual data....",
459,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Deg/Sharepoint/Novena/Urgent/$4K)(JC),People Profilers Pte Ltd,Singapore,Managing data model within BI platform. Working with Business Users in gathering business requirements....,"$3,800 - $4,500 a month"
460,data_analyst,Risk Investigations Analyst,Facebook,Singapore,"Experience manipulating data sets in SQL or equivalent, and drawing actionable insights from data. Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining,...",
461,data_analyst,Senior/Data Analyst (1 Year Contract) - S$3000,CLARIST RESOURCES PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Meticulous in data mining for data accuracy. Able to gather, understand data conversion logic during data migration....",
462,data_analyst,Business Improvement Analyst / Specialist,Grab Taxi,Singapore,"Get to know our Team: Business Improvement & Automation team is responsible for evangelizing process re-engineering, LEAN & Six Sigma methodology, and process...",
463,data_analyst,"Lead Consultant, Applications",NCS,Singapore,"Ability to evaluate and make recommendations regarding Solution Design, POC & data integrity. Ability to effectively diagnose, isolates, and resolve complex...",
464,data_analyst,Business Analyst – Analytics,Sciente,Singapore,At least 5 years of relevant Business Analyst experience and 3 years of work experience in data analytics projects;...,
465,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Global),Razer USA Ltd.,Singapore,Synthesise data to make meaningful recommendations to optimise sales revenue. +5 - 8 years of industry experience in an analytics or data science role....,
466,data_analyst,Business System Analyst,CBRE,Singapore,"Collects data and runs basic reports in response to client inquiries as directed by more senior associates. Under general supervision, formulates and defines...","$5,000 - $8,000 a month"
467,data_analyst,ANALYST PROGRAMMER,D L RESOURCES PTE LTD,Singapore,"Work with data analysts, business users and IT professionals to ensure that data requirements are met with the highest degree of quality and efficiency....",
468,data_analyst,ETL,SANDBOX CONSULTING PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Good Knowledge of Data Warehouse architecture, migration projects and Data Integration concepts. Roles & Responsibilities....",
469,data_analyst,Senior / Research Analyst (AIAIM),AIA,Singapore,In charge of maintaining a centralized internal research and data depository for the benefit of all the Business Units across Asia ex-Japan....,
470,data_analyst,Investment Analyst,EQUITEQ ASIA-PACIFIC PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Excellent industry analysis and ability to abstract trends and insights from primary data. We are looking to hire immediately to build our entrepreneurial team...,
471,data_analyst,Head of Data Science & Machine Learning,Carousell,Singapore,5+ years experience as a data scientist/machine learning engineer. You will have the autonomy to lead and explore data science projects to solve key business...,
472,data_analyst,Cybersecurity Senior Analyst / Consultant,Accenture,Singapore,"Our services help organizations address evolving and pervasive issues such as identity theft, data security breaches, data leakage, cyber intelligence &...",
473,data_analyst,Azure Big Data Developer,KRIS INFOTECH PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"The Azure Big Data Developer will support our software developers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery...",
474,data_analyst,"Manager, Senior Data Analyst - Data Governance Framework & P...",OCBC Bank,Singapore,"Manager, Senior Data Analyst - Data Governance Framework & Policies - (180001BC). Manage the process of identifying critical data elements (“CDEs”) that will...",
475,data_analyst,Staff Trade Compliance Analyst,Illumina,Woodlands,"Support internal, external, and government-directed trade compliance audits through data analysis. Works with the global Trade Compliance team to analyze data...",
476,data_analyst,Business Analyst,ITCS Group,Singapore,Contribute in maintaining quality of reference data and inventories used as part of project processes. Manage requirements and risks in a global/regional/local...,
477,data_analyst,Customer Service Officer [Logistics],THE SUPREME HR ADVISORY PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"The Customer Service Officer/Service Quality Analyst is responsible for assembling data, analysing processes and systems, identifying gaps and improvement areas...",
478,data_analyst,IT Systems Analyst (Mfg),AbbVie,Jurong,"Develops detailed business user requirements, system documentation, work flow procedures, and data modeling. Creates reports from existing client databases to...",
479,data_analyst,"Search and Recommendations Quality Analyst, AMP A/B Testing...",Apple,Singapore,Are you passionate about analyzing data patterns for large scale search engines? We are seeking Engineers who has experience in analyzing large data sets and...,
480,data_analyst,"Senior Analyst, Rewards",JLL,Singapore,"Gather/Analyze/Utilize Compensation-related Data. Senior Reward Analyst, APAC Human Resources. You will manage/participate in salary/budget surveys, conduct...",
481,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst, Asia Pacific",BCD Travel,Singapore,"Financial Analyst, Asia Pacific. Weekly and monthly business data consolidation from respective owned market includes data QC, alignment and follow up....",
482,data_analyst,Resource Planning Analyst,National University of Singapore,Queenstown,"Possession of a Masters degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or Data Analytics will be an advantage....",
483,data_analyst,Dotnet Developer,StarHub,Singapore,"Familiar with IO, multiple threading, data structure and algorithms. Dotnet Developer - (180000B5)....",
484,data_analyst,Day Technician,CBRE Asia Pacific,Singapore,Previous data centre (or similar lab) experience - desirable. As issued by the CE Operation & QA Analyst....,
485,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Adecco Personnel,Singapore,"Validating and correcting data from external sources, including phone calls. Analyzing and grading large sets of data relevant to specific markets....",
486,data_analyst,"Sr. Specialist, BusTechLiaison",BNY Mellon,Singapore,We are looking for a Business Analyst with experience in Middle Office in the financial services industry with:....,
487,data_analyst,Business Analytics Specialist,Grab Taxi,Bishan New Town,"The Business Analyst will support business intelligence and decision to optimize and improve the overall customer experience, by developing methods of data...",
488,data_analyst,Bilingual Mandarin Medical Writer/Analyst,Costello Medical,Singapore,Medical Writers and Analysts work on projects involving the detailed analysis of data from clinical trials and the assimilation and creative presentation of...,
489,data_analyst,Big Data and Analytics Engineering Lead Analyst,Citi,Central Singapore,"Understanding of data life cycle – data acquisition, data quality management, data governance, and metadata management....",
490,data_analyst,Supply Chain Analyst II,Johnson Controls,North-East Singapore,Supply Chain Analyst II. Minimum 5 years of relevant working experience within a MNC environment preferably with few years of experience as a Business/Financial...,
491,data_analyst,"Manager, Data Architect",DFS Group,Singapore,Lead the Data Architecture activities spearheaded by Enterprise Architecture Team - Design and develop the architecture roadmap for big data platforms including...,
492,data_analyst,Reporting Analyst/ Data Analyst,Page Personnel,Singapore,"Ensuring integrity of complex data and reporting on given deadline. Consolidate the data collection from multiple resources, extract and present to Directors...",
493,data_analyst,IT Cyber Incident Response Analyst - Singapore,PerkinElmer,Central Singapore,The Analyst operates and maintains security toolsets to support continuous monitoring. The Analyst uses security solutions and processes to deliver Information...,
494,data_analyst,BI Analyst (Up to $6500),Career Connex Pte Ltd,Singapore,Proven ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate data sets from disparate data sources and build innovative...,
495,data_analyst,Application Analyst (Mobile),Sciente,Singapore,"Familiar with Data reporting tools such as XML, Jasper Report; This will be an excellent opportunity for you to join our client in the Financial industry as an...",
496,data_analyst,Finance and Data Business Analyst Supply Chain (focus: Data...,Estee Lauder,Singapore,Driving productivity through big data analysis & data modelling. The primary function of this position is to support the Business Planning Director in budgeting...,
497,data_analyst,(Senior) Investment Analyst,Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. An international investment firm is looking for professional investment analyst because of business expansion....,
498,data_analyst,RESOURCE ANALYST,PEOPLEBANK SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Provides support with ‘sourcing’, screening, data entry activities. Roles & Responsibilities....",
499,data_analyst,"Steel and Iron Ore Analyst, Singapore",Spinnaker Global,Singapore,You will be comparing freight data with commodity data. The successful candidate will be supporting a Senior Analyst and will be responsible for producing daily...,
500,data_analyst,"People Analyst, Reporting and Insights",Google,Singapore,"Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data, and convey findings to executive audiences....",
501,data_analyst,Database Administrator (MySQL),Garena,Singapore,Act as the primary point of administration and support for all database infrastructure in the data warehouse and data services environments....,
502,data_analyst,"Analyst, Transaction Surveillance Unit, Group Compliance",DBS Bank,Singapore,"Undertake other adhoc duties as and when required, eg provide statistics and ensure accuracy of data, extract of documents for audit review....",
503,data_analyst,Regional Business intelligence Analyst,PropertyGuru,Singapore,"Highly proficient in data mining, mapping and analysis (graphical, statistical and written). Experience using Salesforce (creation of report and dashboard, etc)...",
504,data_analyst,"Regional Risk Lead, Extended Workforce",Google,Singapore,"Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with Contingent Worker (Temporary, Business Process Outsourcing (BPO...",
505,data_analyst,TCC Windows Technical Analyst,OCBC Bank,Singapore,"TCC Windows Technical Analyst - (1900004I). Data communication, network knowledge & Information security knowledge is an added advantage....",
506,data_analyst,SOC Analyst Tier 1 Support,OCBC Bank,Singapore,SOC Analyst Tier 1 Support - (1800021P). Ability to interpret and incorporate data from multiple tool sources....,
507,data_analyst,"Practitioner, Organizational Development",Google,Singapore,Ability to work well with data and building a narrative to support strategic planning for developing our expertise....,
508,data_analyst,Risk and Financial Analyst,Cargill,Singapore,"Benchmarking business performance and forecasting opportunities and risks using a blend of internal and external data (Bloomberg, public data available on the...",
509,data_analyst,Settlement Analyst,Cargill,Singapore,"Possibility of career progression to Senior Settlement Analyst if performance is good. Ensure complete understanding of transaction specifics, including data...",
510,data_analyst,Data Integration Support Engineer,Neurones IT Asia Pte Ltd,Singapore,We are looking for candidates with Data Integration ( ETL / Datastage / Websphere / EAI) experience for one of our clients in luxury retail industry....,
511,data_analyst,Marketing Analyst (Business Insights),AD ASTRA CONSULTANTS PRIVATE LTD.,Singapore,Manage research and media agencies to get the data needed for analysis. Find visual representation of data and findings for regular reporting to top management....,
512,data_analyst,Operations Senior Analyst,ALEXANDER MANN BPO SOLUTIONS (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Resolution of any processing issues and liaison with other areas of Merrill Lynch including Settlements, Trading Desk Support, EMEA Corporate Actions, Reference...",
513,data_analyst,"Senior Commercial Analyst, Fulltime",AkzoNobel,Singapore,"About AkzoNobel AkzoNobel has a passion for paint. We’re experts in the proud craft of making paints and coatings, setting the standard in color and...",
514,data_analyst,CIB Operations- Client Service Support-Analyst,JP Morgan Chase,Singapore,"Functional supported include client access, connectivity issues, training, entitlement, late deliverables of client files and data....",
515,data_analyst,MSBI Developer,Percept Solutions,Singapore,Experience in Data Warehouses modeling using star schema. Gather business requirements from Clients or Business Analysts....,"$4,000 - $6,000 a month"
516,data_analyst,Business Analyst - Market Data,Power IT Consultancy,Singapore,"Business Analyst Market Data. ""Business Analyst"", ""Market Data"", ""Market Information System"",. Should have experience in the market data space (working on...",
517,data_analyst,Senior Credit Analyst,Funding Societies | Modalku,Singapore,"Our Credit team is growing! And we're looking for two new Analysts, who are independent, pro-active, analytical, & open-minded Are you interested in: Data...",
518,data_analyst,Business Analyst – Service Delivery Management,Sciente,Singapore,Act as a business analyst to support the infrastructure technology teams in the data center migration operations within Singapore;...,
519,data_analyst,"VP, Business/Data Analyst, Data Management Office",United Overseas Bank Ltd UOB,Singapore,"The Data Management Office is a business function that covers Enterprise Data Governance, Data Management, Big Data Analytics and Enterprise Data Strategy....",
520,data_analyst,"SVP / VP, Solution Architect (C2MA), Group Consumer Banking...",DBS Bank,Singapore,"Working with enterprise architect, data modeller, business analyst, engineering and End Users within organization....",
521,data_analyst,"Senior Lead Consultant, Application (Pega)",Singtel,Singapore,"Successfully translate functional design into a technical solution and documentation using Pega best practices, including enterprise class structure, data and...",
522,data_analyst,Lazada-Senior Business Intelligence Analyst-Business Intelli...,Lazada,Singapore,Help summarizing data analysis requirements to conduct data application projects (need communication with data tech team)....,
523,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Agile),Sciente,Singapore,"At least 8 years of Business Analyst experience; Demonstrated capability in functional analysis, system workflow, data modelling and testing;...",
524,data_analyst,"Business Analyst, Trust and Safety, YouTube",YouTube,Singapore,"Experience in extracting, sampling, and visualizing large data sets. Experience in project management and process optimization with data analytics....",
525,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst, Google Customer Solutions (Mandarin)",Google,Singapore,"Analytical experience working with large volumes of complex data. As a Financial Analyst, you will provide decision support to the Asia Pacific sales management...",
526,data_analyst,PMO Finance Analyst,NTT DATA Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Responsibilities: Develop positive relationships with Project Sponsors, Platform leads, Platform service managers, Platform Partners, tech managers and teams...",
527,data_analyst,Market Analyst - Beijing,Gemini Personnel,Singapore,"Design, studying and analyzing surveys and other forms of market research data using advance analysis techniques to evaluate the data....",
528,data_analyst,Business Systems Analyst,CBRE Asia Pacific,Singapore,CBRE seeks an IT savvy analyst with a passion for incredible user-centric design and a desire to leverage the latest technology in the real-estate industry to...,
529,data_analyst,Business Analyst,NEC ASIA PACIFIC PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Assist in the collection and consolidation of required information and data. Roles & Responsibilities....,
530,data_analyst,Business Analyst,SABRE ASIA PACIFIC PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"You will use various sources of data (e.g. SAS, R, Matlab) and experienced in data visualization (e.g. We are looking for a strong analyst in our vibrant &...",
531,data_analyst,"Analyst, Chief Investment Office, Consumer Banking Group",DBS Bank,Singapore,"Gather and analyse macroeconomics/industry/company data to substantiate these ideas. As the leading bank in Asia, DBS Consumer Banking Group is in a unique...",
532,data_analyst,"Staff Engineer, Product Software",Equinix,Singapore,"Equinix is one of the fastest growing data center companies, growing connectivity between clients worldwide. With 200 data centers in over 24 countries spanning...",
533,data_analyst,Finance Data Analyst,NTT DATA SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Evaluate data management, data quality and data access processes for gaps, inefficiencies and opportunities;...",
534,data_analyst,System Analyst,Hotelbeds,Singapore,Transfers data to other systems ( Big Data..). Doing different data audit and validations. Maintain our database via integrations with other systems and sources...,
535,data_analyst,"Administrative Support, Business Management, Commercial Bank...",United Overseas Bank Ltd UOB,Singapore,"Report Preparation of sales performance, new businesses, any other important data etc. Commercial BankingEmployment type:....",
536,data_analyst,"Threat Analyst, Research Operations - Business Integrity (My...",Facebook,Singapore,Passionate about diving into the world of big data and trends analyses? Engage with intelligence analyst counterparts around Facebook and work together to spot...,
537,data_analyst,Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst,Publicis Groupe,Singapore,"+ Experience of analytics / data mining (e.g. We are looking for an individual that has some experience of analysing data, building segmentation, performance...",
538,data_analyst,Network Support Analyst,Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. Network Support Analyst wanted for a leading international firm!...,
539,data_analyst,Digital Strategist,Reveres Management Associates Pte Ltd,Singapore,Media Buyer & Analyst. Comfortable speaking about and presenting data. Experience in handling and analyzing large amounts of data using Microsoft Excel and...,"$2,400 - $2,800 a month"
540,data_analyst,Analyst Programmer,TOTAL EBIZ SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Strong data analytical, data profiling and data quality. Proficient in handling data using MS Excel. Have strong interest in investigating and identifying...",
541,data_analyst,System Analyst,NTT DATA SERVICES SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"The Application Development Senior Analyst will work in P2X Migration team, mainly performing server build work. Roles & Responsibilities....",
542,data_analyst,System Analyst,INSEAD,Singapore,"Experience in integration testing, data analysis. Minimum 3 years of System Analyst experience. The job holder must have a high level of technical expertise,...",
543,data_analyst,"AVP/VP, Wealth & Deposit Analyst (Analytics)",United Overseas Bank Ltd UOB,Singapore,Knowledge of new data science tools such as Python and R will be an advantage. Group Retail Shared ServicesEmployment type:....,
544,data_analyst,Client Support Analyst,HMI TECH PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Ideal candidates will be comfortable understanding social media campaigns and supporting bugs and invoicing, have an appetite for research and gathering data...",
545,data_analyst,QC Chemist,PFIZER ASIA MANUFACTURING PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Roles & Responsibilities General responsibilities of Chemist: Review laboratory data/records Investigate and write lab investigation report/event report...,
546,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,The Economist Group,Singapore,Conduct desktop market research and analyse data to identify key findings. We are looking for exceptional candidates to join us as Senior Analyst in our...,
547,data_analyst,BUSINESS DATA ANALYST,Protemps Employment Services Pte Ltd,Singapore,Perform data profiling. Document data mappings and technical requirements for data exchanges between systems. Strong data reporting skills....,
548,data_analyst,Business and System Support Analyst,Michelman,Singapore,"To support data integration between JD Edwards, Cognos TM1, SQL and other data sources/ data queries. Ability to utilize spreadsheets to review, organize and...",
549,data_analyst,Information Technology Infrastructure Analyst,SHINGDA CONSTRUCTION PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"At least 5 years of working experience in infrastructure architecture, data centers, servers, and networks. The IT Infrastructure Analyst is responsible for the...",
550,data_analyst,"Data Analyst (Python, R)",Michael Page,Singapore,"As the Data Analyst, you are responsible for:. Specialisation:IT Data Analysis. At least 1-2 years'+ experience in Data Analysis and Data Mining....",
551,data_analyst,Sr Sales Analyst – Inside Sales,f5 Networks,Singapore,"Job may be performed on-site at a customer facility or data center, or in an office environment sitting at a desk or computer table....",
552,data_analyst,SAP ABAP Consultant,Dezire Technologies Pte Ltd,Singapore,ABAP Core Data Services (ABAP CDS view). SAP ABAP Developer/Programmer....,"$5,000 - $6,500 a month"
553,data_analyst,Senior Analyst Developer,Citi,Central Singapore,The Senior Analyst Developer will be accountable for:. Understanding of global distribution of data and knowledge of pricing in Excel environment an advantage....,
554,data_analyst,Risk Analyst,Sciente,Singapore,"Meticulous with strong aptitude for numbers and comfortable with handling large volume of data; Perform data profiling, coordinate with business users to...",
555,data_analyst,Senior IT Business Analyst,Infineon Technologies,Singapore,Experience in database knowledge and SAP Business Data warehouse (BW) is a must. In your new role you will:....,
556,data_analyst,Chinese Speakers,TransPerfect,Singapore,"You will collaborate with our team to assist with recurring issues and creation and analyst of content. As TransPerfect collaborator , you would be responsible...",
557,data_analyst,Business Analyst (1 year contract),Khoo Teck Puat Hospital,Singapore,"Collating, designing and cleaning data. Preparing a database or registry for reporting....",
558,data_analyst,Systems Analyst - Corporate Applications,Institute of Technical Education,Singapore,"Experience in software engineering and data related services. As a System Analyst, you will be involved in the software development life cycle including...",
559,data_analyst,Regional Compensation Analyst,Mercer,Singapore,"Data Analysis, Data/ Report Validation- Support data analysis and validation for surveys. The Regional Analyst will support key Chemical forum operations and...",
560,data_analyst,Regional Analyst - Business Advanced Analytics & Reporting,Levi Strauss & Co.,Singapore,Champion a data and analytical driven culture within LS&CO. Act as project manager and drive integration of the various relevant data sources....,
561,data_analyst,Programmer Analyst (Testing),Snaphunt Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Performs data analysis to support internal and external project needs. Assists in the completion of unit testing by preparing test data, running tests and...",
562,data_analyst,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,ServiceSource,Singapore,"Through in depth analysis of usage data and risk profiles, the analyst designs a series of sales playbooks and aligns their team to leverage that value...",
563,data_analyst,Software Consultant,TECH MAHINDRA (SINGAPORE) PTE. LIMITED,Singapore,"Good Knowledge of Data Warehouse architecture, migration projects and Data Integration concepts. Help manage work allocation of various project teams within...",
564,data_analyst,Cloud Operation Specialist (CLT),MSD,Singapore,"As part of that team, you will join the development of advanced capabilities in data science, artificial intelligence, cyber security, social media, cloud...",
565,data_analyst,Software Developer,DRW Trading Group,Singapore,"Large scale data acquisition, storage, accessibility, and visualization. A strong understanding of in object oriented design, data structures and algorithms....",
566,data_analyst,Solution Consultant,Clarivate Analytics,Singapore,"Develop, maintain and deliver high-impact training programs that successfully embed Clarivate tools and data into our customers’ workflows....",
567,data_analyst,Markets Editor - ICIS - Singapore,Reed Business Information,Singapore,"Our aim is to give companies in global commodities markets a competitive advantage by delivering trusted pricing data, high-value news, analysis and independent...",
568,data_analyst,Technical Support Engineer - Singapore,Options Technology,Singapore,Data Centre experience. For this role we are looking for a Support Desk Analyst to provide first level support....,
569,data_analyst,Oracle PL/SQL Developer,Infodrive Solutions Pte ltd,Singapore,"6).Solid Experience of creating PL/SQL Packages, Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views and Exception handling for retrieving, manipulating, checking and...",
570,data_analyst,HR Data Migration Analyst (6 months contract),AIA Singapore,Singapore,"Responsible in data extraction, transformation and loading of data, from on premise system to cloud system. Supporting integration testing, data migration and...",
571,data_analyst,Technology Analyst - Python,AD ASTRA CONSULTANTS PRIVATE LTD.,Singapore,Strong in basic data structures and algorithms. Roles & Responsibilities....,
572,data_analyst,Senior Principal/ Principal/ Senior/ Analyst (Corporate Plan...,Energy Market Authority,Singapore,"Drive transformation of EMA through the promotion of digitalisation, data analytics and service journey initiatives;...",
573,data_analyst,Senior System Analyst,StarHub,Singapore,"Senior System Analyst - (180000C0). Requires good capability in logical and structured thinking, and clear concept and understanding in data structure, data...",
574,data_analyst,Data Analyst / Data Scientist / AI Engineer,Diversiteam Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Good data skills; We at Diversiteam are currently looking for an enthusiastic Data Analyst / Data Scientist / AI Engineer who is passionate about technology, is...",
575,data_analyst,Senior System Analyst,Wildlife Reserves Singapore,Singapore,Experience with data management platforms (e.g. Hands-on experience in SQL/ stored procedures scripting for reports generation and data migration....,
576,data_analyst,"Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence",DELL,Central Singapore,"Prior relevant experience in data management, automation, IT programming, data mining. Solid knowledge of Database Systems, Data Visualization Tools, Data...",
577,data_analyst,Senior Financial Analyst,Procter & Gamble,Singapore,"Are you passionate about data analysis to drive strategy in a substantial way? As a Senior Financial Analyst, you will work as the finance leader on a team with...",
578,data_analyst,Senior Financial Analyst,,Singapore,Assist in developing operational procedures and data flow documentation. The Senior Financial Analyst must have a Diploma in Accounting or Business...,
579,data_analyst,"Campaign Coordinator, APAC",Sojern,Singapore,"Investigate and solves data driven problems. Demonstrate an interest in data and digital marketing. To thrive, you must work well with people, be comfortable...",
580,data_analyst,Regional Digital Data Analyst,Kerry Consulting,Singapore,Our Client is a Global Consumer Leader and is looking to hire a Regional Digital Data Analyst for the Asia Pacific region....,
581,data_analyst,Information Management Analyst,THE HONGKONG AND SHANGHAI BANKING CORPORATION LIMI...,Singapore,"Be a subject matter expert in the local datamart in areas such as data sources, lineage and mapping, and to advise users on availability and proper usage of...",
582,data_analyst,BX Operational Compliance,Barclays,Singapore,"Data analytics skills (eg. Maintaining certain information / data points in relevant Barclays systems, databases and excel including relevant quality assurance...",
583,data_analyst,Gain Theory | Analyst/Senior Analyst,Gain Theory,Singapore,"Provide support to more senior colleagues in data collection including the preparation and sending of data requests, chasing outstanding data and querying data...",
584,data_analyst,BI Analyst,JM,Singapore,"3+ years of experience in data visualization, visual analytics statistics or data analysis. Good experiences in visualizing Spatial-Temporal data....",
585,data_analyst,SENIOR PROJECT ANALYST – SINGAPORE,Gradiant,Singapore,"Build financial models and templates using historical data, assumptions and metrics. The company is looking to add a Project Analyst to its team at its...",
586,data_analyst,Senior Analyst,FIRST ABU DHABI BANK P.J.S.C. SINGAPORE BRANCH,Singapore,Assist to gather data whenever required. Roles & Responsibilities....,
587,data_analyst,CIB – FX Trading - Automated Trading Strategy (ATS) – Analys...,JP Morgan Chase,Singapore,Ability to understand and map data flows across applications and data sources. J.P....,
588,data_analyst,Senior System Analyst,,Singapore,Verify database and data integrity. Overseeing implementation of a new system including data migration. Good background in Data Base design in Microsoft SQL and...,
589,data_analyst,Investment Analyst,Just Recruit Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,The Investment Analyst will be responsible for conducting Due Diligence in assembling and reviewing financial statements and other data on specific issuers...,"$5,000 - $6,000 a month"
590,data_analyst,Business Analyst Project Manager - Data Science,,Singapore,"Minimum 3+ years of experience in data management applications such as business intelligence, management information systems as Data Scientist or Data Analyst....",
591,data_analyst,"Revenue Analyst/Senior Revenue Analyst, iTero APAC",Align Technology,Singapore,"Support the AOP and Outlook process by providing metrics and data as requested by FP&A or commercial team. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES, in the area of...",
592,data_analyst,Trading Systems Support Analyst,Tower Research Capital,Singapore,Managing the widely-deployed OMS and market data delivery systems involving every major electronic exchange and asset class....,
593,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst Intern, Commercial FP&A (12 weeks)",Illumina,Singapore,"Analyze travel data across APJ; Finance Analyst Intern, Commercial FP&A (12 weeks):. The Finance Analyst Intern, Commercial FP&A will be required to complete a...",
594,data_analyst,Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst,Toaster,Singapore,"Good experience of testing Data Quality products and solutions including data validation, standardisation and matching/deduplication *....",
595,data_analyst,"Manager, Sales Operations",Tableau,Singapore,"We help people see and understand their data. Lead a team of analysts responsible for in-depth analysis, annual sales planning, territory design, and account...",
596,data_analyst,Regional Senior Analyst,Mercer,Singapore,"Ensuring Survey activities like renewals , invoicing , data validation, data collection & data processing are on time and high quality....",
597,data_analyst,Senior Infrastructure Network Architect,Singtel,Singapore,"Expert knowledge of LAN, WAN and Data Centre network architectures, enterprise design and industry standards relevant to data communications / networking and...",
598,data_analyst,CRM System Analyst - APAC,JUUL Labs,Singapore,APAC - CRM System Analyst. Manage new and existing data flows and data accuracy between internal and external systems and services....,
599,data_analyst,Business Analyst – AML,Sciente,Singapore,Good experience in data analysis and an ability to solve business problems using analytics and data; An exciting opportunity for Business Analyst with good...,
600,data_analyst,Lazada eLogistics-BI Data Associate-Regional TechHub,Lazada,Singapore,"As a BI & Data Analyst in regional data team, you'll be part of an extremely motivated and experienced group of people who help improve and drive LEL business...",
601,data_analyst,Software Developer,TVCONAL,Singapore, Build infrastructure to scale up data ingest and cloud-based analytics. You will be working with analysts and data scientists to build application front-end....,"$2,500 - $4,000 a month"
602,data_analyst,Global FE Cycle Time Business Analyst,Micron,Singapore,Decision making skills using data analysis techniques. Design and develop new metrics for reporting data. As a GLOBAL Front End (FE) Cycle Time Business Analyst...,
603,data_analyst,SG – Analyst / Experienced Analyst – IT PMO (Project Managem...,Deloitte,Singapore,Strategic Project Planning and Goal SettingProject Execution and GovernanceProject Documentation and ArchivesProject Prioritization and Portfolio...,
604,data_analyst,HRIS Analyst,Volt,Singapore,Maintain data integrity in systems by running queries and analyzing data. Participate in data validation and assist with payroll parallel testing....,
605,data_analyst,Data Integration Support Lead,NEURONES IT ASIA PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Supports innovative and optimal data solutions. Proficient in working with technical and business teams to extract and document data integration/exchange...,
606,data_analyst,Spare Parts Officer,ELECTROLUX S.E.A. PRIVATE LIMITED.,Singapore,This position is responsible to analyst our spare part inventories. Roles & Responsibilities....,
607,data_analyst,Gandalf PMO Analyst,Aryan Search Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Collect, validate and maintain metrics obtained from various data sources. We are hiring for one of the position of GANDALF PMO Officer with strong experience...",
608,data_analyst,Loan Documentation Analyst (12m),Robert Walters,Singapore,About the Loan Documentation Analyst (12 months) role:. Great career progression opportunities await the right person in this exciting Loan Documentation...,
609,data_analyst,"Associate/AVP, IT Analyst (Investment Services Public Market...",GIC Investment,Singapore,IT Analyst (Associate/AVP). Relevant experience in data science preferred (for External Managers domain). You will have access to structured and unstructured...,
610,data_analyst,"Analyst, Global HR Services",Oracle,Singapore,"Analyst, Global HR Services-180019RT. Ability to manage vast amount of data efficiently. Organize, update and maintain employees’ data in HR systems....",
611,data_analyst,Business System Analyst (Operations),National University of Singapore,Queenstown,Business System Analyst (Operations). Familiarity with building data dashboards and reports will be advantageous....,
612,data_analyst,Business Analyst - ERP – Plant Operations – PP/PM/QM,Cargill,Singapore,"Familiarity with Business Analyst Body of Knowledge (BABOK). Experience in developing integrated solutions involving process, data, and technology....",
613,data_analyst,IT Recruitment Consultant,Percept Solutions,Singapore,"Recruitment experience in IT hardware, software, FinTech, cyber security, Big Data, Application Development & IT Project Management/Business Analysts....","$3,000 - $4,500 a month"
614,data_analyst,Technical Support Analyst,StarHub,Singapore,Technical Support Analyst - (180000CD). To handle technical enquires and trouble shooting for all technical issues reported by customers using StarHub Mobile...,
615,data_analyst,Anti-Financial Crime - Business & Client Intelligence Unit -...,Deutsche Bank,Singapore,Familiar with a wide range of external data sources and third party systems to be covered as a part of the due diligence process....,
616,data_analyst,Product Specialist,PPRO Group,Singapore,Your information will be kept in our database according to the Data Protection Act. Familiarity with internet-based product development including software...,
617,data_analyst,"Senior Analyst, Account Management",MasterCard,Singapore,"Analytical skills – utilizing internal and external data to manage performance and provide insights. Based out of Singapore the role of Senior Analyst, Market...",
618,data_analyst,Data Analyst,Power IT Consultancy,Singapore,"Strong Data Modeler in developing Entity-Relationship / Dimensional Data Models. Analysis of source systems, defines underlying data sources and transformation...",
619,data_analyst,"Senior Compensation Analyst, APAC",Estee Lauder,Singapore,Experience and/or background in Compensation and Data Analytics preferred. Analysis of large amounts of data using statistical methods....,
620,data_analyst,CRM Executive (Automotive /Data Analyst),Bizhub Asia Pte Ltd,Central Singapore,"*Responsibilities:  Assist the team in leads management planning, coordination and execution of CRM campaigns/ activities that align and optimise company’s...","$2,500 - $3,000 a month"
621,data_analyst,Payroll Ops Analyst,Johnson Controls,Singapore,"Payroll Ops Analyst. Work with local HR and payroll vendors to ensure that data accuracy. Work closely with Field Solutions team, line managers and payroll...",
622,data_analyst,Senior IT Business Analyst,CA CIB Singapour,Singapore,4+ years as a Business Analyst in CIB organization. Technical experience to be comfortable with data models and SQL....,
623,data_analyst,"Sr. Specialist, Configuration Process and Technology Analyst",MSD,Singapore,The position of Configuration Process & Technology Analyst / Sr. Excellent skills using IT applications to organize and analyse data....,
624,data_analyst,ABAP Consultant,MTC GLOBAL SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Define data management, ingestion, storage and archival solutions. Roles & Responsibilities....",
625,data_analyst,"Senior Business Analyst, APJ",ServiceNow,Singapore,"Minimum bachelor's degree with 5-year relevant experience as data analyst or sales operations analyst. Senior Business Analyst, APJ....",
626,data_analyst,Lazada-Regional Senior SEO Analyst-Regional,Lazada,Singapore,"Ability to compile and analyze search data and metrics for making data-driven decisions; Continually review procedures to ensure technological efficiencies,...",
627,data_analyst,IRAS Mandate Compliance Consultant,,Singapore,Familiarization with Bloomberg navigation and data fields/outputs available. Mentor and provide ongoing training to the analyst teams to improve efficiency and...,
628,data_analyst,IT Snr Specialist Ops Lead,MSD,Singapore,"Act as a Business Analyst to drive business values and supports a continuous improvement framework within IT and the IPT, and works with Leads to identify and...",
629,data_analyst,Citi Private Bank Business Analyst (Client Reporting),Citi,Central Singapore,"Have a good understanding of financial products, manual reporting and proficient in data analysis. This role focuses on the custom reporting, data analysis and...",
630,data_analyst,Senior/ Executive (Insights & Analytics) - Corporate Develop...,Khoo Teck Puat Hospital,Singapore,"Working with relevant teams to improve data standardization, data quality and assurance, as well as data governance;...",
631,data_analyst,Common Criteria Security Analyst,UL,Singapore,Currently UL Identity Management & Security is hiring a Common Criteria Security Analyst for our office in Singapore....,
632,data_analyst,Senior Data Analyst - Commercial,Argyll Scott,Singapore,"Our client, a global commercial solutions company is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to join them. Design and execute data driven solutions to increase...",
633,data_analyst,"Senior Analyst, Managed Services, Advisors - Data driven Dig...",MasterCard,Singapore,"Senior Analyst, Managed Services, Advisors - Data driven Digital Marketing experience. Senior Analyst, Sales....",
634,data_analyst,EDM Technical Analyst,Optimum InfoSystem Private Limited,Singapore,"Ï§ Determine, investigate, and resolve UI/ data / workflow issues. Knowledge and experience of working with data vendors (Copp Clark/Bloomberg etc.)....",
635,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Fixed Income),Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. 5+ years' experience working as a business analyst in the Financial Services sector....,
636,data_analyst,ETL Developer / Analyst,Infodrive Solutions Pte Ltd,Singapore,Ensure that data integration solution components adhere to required standards. Role â ETL Developer / Analyst Experience Required - Between 1 to 5 years...,
637,data_analyst,Analyst - Program Management Office & Business Operations (1...,Refinitiv,Singapore,Reporting and data analysis; Able to visually represent data and processes in an easy to understand manner....,
638,data_analyst,Retail Operations Analyst (12 months contract),Apple,Singapore,Ensure integrity of returns from stores back to Apple Hubs by maintaining accurate systematic data....,
639,data_analyst,Business Analyst,The Client serves as a logistics consultant to the...,Singapore,Develop and monitor data quality metrics for business data reporting. Ability to design and source data that supports business needs....,
640,data_analyst,Marketing Operations Manager,Veeam Software,Singapore,Recommends data enrichment sources where gaps are identified and works closely with Data Quality team for the implementation....,
641,data_analyst,IT Trade Floor Support (Front Office),Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. Front Office IT Support Analyst wanted for a leading international bank!...,
642,data_analyst,Management executive,,Singapore,Work with Outlet Operations Manager to analyst and report monthly sales data and make recommendations. Roles & Responsibilities....,
643,data_analyst,Senior IT Business Analyst (FT),UrbanFox,Singapore,Evaluate and draw conclusions from data related to customer testing result. Design and execute A/B testing procedures to extract data from test runs....,
644,data_analyst,CRM Campaign & Data Analyst,Aspire SG,Singapore,"A well-established British recruitment company is looking for a CRM Campaign Data Analyst, Asia Pacific to be based in Singapore....",
645,data_analyst,SYSTEM ANALYST,ST Logistics,Singapore,"System Analyst and Troubleshooting. System development experience using in C#.Net, JavaScript, Node.JS, MVC, IIS, design patterns, Web Services, Windows...",
646,data_analyst,Business Process Analyst 1 year contract renewable/Central/M...,CAREER TREND PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Prior experience in Data collection, Data massaging and data mining is an added advantage. 3-5 years working as BPA or as data analyst role....",
647,data_analyst,Risk & Quantitative Solutions Analyst,,Singapore,Evaluates the data integrity of our security level analytics for Fixed Income portfolios and benchmarks. Roles & Responsibilities....,
648,data_analyst,Senior Supply Chain Project Analyst,Medtronic,Singapore,Senior Supply Chain Project Analyst. Additional responsibilities include ensuring the integrity of the Planning Master data elements....,
649,data_analyst,"Senior Analyst, Marketing Science and Analytics",Sephora SEA,Singapore,"Mine and analyze data from data warehouse to drive optimization of marketing channels. Senior Analyst, Marketing Science and Analytics....",
650,data_analyst,Data scientist / Application production engineer,KEYTEO CONSULTING PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"In addition to the skills and responsibilities mentioned in the JD, we’re looking for someone who has interest or exposure to data analytics....",
651,data_analyst,Infrastructure Lead Analyst,SENOKO ENERGY PTE. LTD.,Singapore,To plan and execute data profiling and data quality analysis. Data patching and cleansing:. To plan and execute operational data maintenance jointly with...,
652,data_analyst,Sr. IT Analyst,CLSA SINGAPORE PTE LTD,Singapore,"Trouble shoot Trading application issues, Market data and business flows support in Cash Equity, DMA/DSA or derivatives. Roles & Responsibilities....",
653,data_analyst,"Business Analyst, Finance Change AVP",Aston Carter Singapore,Singapore,A fantastic opportunity to work across the APAC business as a Business Analyst for a leading bank in Singapore....,
654,data_analyst,Test Analyst / Banking Domain / MNC,APBA Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Prepare Test Data, update Test Case and Requirements Matrix. Review test cases and test artifacts produced by team members....","$3,000 - $4,200 a month"
655,data_analyst,Software Engineer,,Singapore,Experience in Enterprise Data Analytics Warehouse environment supporting business and data analysis. Develop SQL Scripts to validate data quality....,
656,data_analyst,Market Risk Analyst (1 year Contract),Cargill,Singapore,"Data Management - 15%. Excellent organizational and data management skills. The Market Risk Analyst has responsibility for market risk measurement, monitoring...",
657,data_analyst,Senior Data Scientist,Jabil Circuit,Singapore,"Identifies and analyzes patterns in the volume of data supporting the initiative, the type of data (e.g., images, text, clickstream or metering data) and the...",
658,data_analyst,Senior Data Analyst,Robert Walters,Singapore,About the Senior Data Analyst Role:. Coordinate data engineers to optimise data flow from raw data into our data marts....,
659,data_analyst,Engagement Manager,MediaMath,Singapore,"Must be comfortable with MS Excel, data analysis, and internet technologies. Managing the execution of technical projects in coordination with Platform...",
660,data_analyst,"Senior Sourcing Analyst, APAC",Twitter,Singapore,"Demonstrated skills in rigorous, data driven analyses that drive creative problem solving, proposal preparation, and negotiation....",
661,data_analyst,Senior Treasury Analyst,Honeywell,Singapore,20 Analyze treasury data. 20 Gather data from site finance. The Senior Treasury Analyst/Treasury Manager is responsible for cash management activities in...,
662,data_analyst,Trade Support Analyst,Robert Walters,Singapore,About the Trade Support Analyst Role:. Great career progression opportunities await the right person in this exciting Trade Support Analyst job....,
663,data_analyst,Rewards Analyst (6 Months Contract),Lendlease,Singapore,"Welfare and retirement plans), distribute forms, data packs and support review processes (e.g. Prepare reports, review and update forms and information and...",
664,data_analyst,Technology Business Analyst (Treasury),OCBC Bank,Singapore,Technology Business Analyst (Treasury) - (18000283). Experience with Murex Data Model and Technical Architecture....,
665,data_analyst,Senior Business Analyst,FINANTIX ASIA-PACIFIC PTE. LTD.,Singapore,O Market data handling o Use of qualitative and quantitative research. Due to growth momentum we need to hire Senior Business Analyst who will sit in the...,
666,data_analyst,Software Tester,EDMI Limited,Singapore,"Identify, reproduce and analyst reported defects. Execute SQL commands to manage and verify data. Review and provide inputs to requirements/design documents....",
667,data_analyst,"SG - Manager, Markets & Competitive Intelligence",Deloitte,Singapore,"Work closely with the firm’s senior leaders on Competitive Intelligence projects involving design, collection, analysis and evaluation of data and...",
668,data_analyst,Network Administrator,HCL SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Design, Install, configure, test, and support highly available LAN, WLAN, WAN and data center networks. Depending on the Levels, the resources will be playing...",
669,data_analyst,Consultant - Regional Team,Mercer,Singapore,"Personal data collected will be used for recruitment purpose only. You are expected to carry out rigorous data analysis, conduct benchmarking/job evaluation &...",
670,data_analyst,System Analyst,Dow Technologies and Systems,Singapore,"Load) scripting to process data from operational source systems into the data. Methodologies, dimensional data modelling, ETL (extraction, transformation,....","$4,000 a month"
671,data_analyst,"Lead/Senior Systems Analyst, BI Reporting & Analytics",M1 Limited,Jurong,"Good understanding of data warehouse, ETL, data cleansing and data modelling concepts. Comfortable working with very large volumes of data of various formats....",
672,data_analyst,Technical Support Professionals / Analysts,thatz,Singapore,"Expertise in broad IT technologies, such as Data Centre, Systems (Windows, Unix, Mid Range and Mainframe), Databases, Internetworking, Security and Applications...",
673,data_analyst,PMS Trainer,,Singapore,Analysing data and producing reports. Is currently working for shipping company as PMS Coordinator or Technical Analyst. Roles & Responsibilities....,
674,data_analyst,"Associate, Portfolio Services and Analytics",Sciente,Singapore,"Experience in data reconciliation across multiple sources, and analytics to support performance and risk calculations;...",
675,data_analyst,Information Security Risk Analyst,SPE Networks - Asia Pte Ltd,Singapore,Support regulatory compliance with PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) for all cardholder data environments (CDE) in PCI scope within...,"$4,500 - $7,000 a month"
676,data_analyst,Business Analyst,ENCORA TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Experience in analysing data to draw business-relevant conclusions. Roles & Responsibilities....,
677,data_analyst,Test Analyst,Aryan Search Pte Ltd,Singapore,"To participate in testing preparation i.e. system date planning, test data preparation etc. Proactively contribute idea and provide proposal for UAT process...",
678,data_analyst,"Senior Associate / Associate, Business Analyst, Regional CBO...",DBS Bank,Singapore,Perform data analytics on machine faults and identify actionable insights to improve machine uptime. Group Technology and Operations (T&O) enables and empowers...,
679,data_analyst,"Financial Analyst (Tampines, Retail MNC, Perm) up to $5000-$...",KSC Consultants Pte Ltd,Singapore,Able to handle large volume of data and produce insights to the findings. Assist in Annual Budgeting Process (Sales & Expenses) & Forecast Exercise....,
680,data_analyst,"IT Application Support Analyst, Financial Systems",Autodesk,Singapore,"Experience with data modeling. Knowledge of finance master data. IT Application Support Analyst, Financial Systems....",
681,data_analyst,Principal System Analyst,Wildlife Reserves Singapore,Singapore,"Experience with data management platforms (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS). Experience on relationship database design and data structures (e.g....",
682,data_analyst,Transport Analyst,Schneider Electric,Singapore,Compilation of shipping data for management reporting and cost optimization reporting. Manage urgent import and export activities to ensure on time delivery....,
683,data_analyst,"AVP, Business Analytics Analyst (Digital Financial Planning)...",DBS Bank,Singapore,"Expert in machine learning, data mining and data engineering. Work with various teams to design, develop and maintain analytical data mart as a single source...",
684,data_analyst,Product Engineering,Burpple,Singapore,"DATA SCIENCE (SINGAPORE). As such, it has collected a diverse set of visual, textual, unstructured data on businesses, which our Data Science team mines for...",
685,data_analyst,Project/ Process Analyst - Senior,FEDERAL EXPRESS (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD,Singapore,"May also involve day-to-day data management in company. Involves completing detailed analysis of complex data, systems or ideas and providing....",
686,data_analyst,Financial & Strategy Analyst,LINKS HR SINGAPORE PTE LTD,Singapore,"Financial & Strategy Analyst. Analyze and forecast financial, economic and other data. This role will be part of the Finance team reporting to Senior Finance...",
687,data_analyst,FP&A Analyst APAC (Financial Planning & Analysis),ALSTOM,Singapore,"Consolidating, verifying, and backing up data. Financial Analyst, Financial, Database, Finance, Technology....",
688,data_analyst,Senior System Analyst,Singapore University of Technology and Design,Changi,"Customize the LMS (and other learning applications) to integrate with other relevant external systems such as the student administration system, HR system,...",
689,data_analyst,Senior Business Analyst,TANGSPAC CONSULTING PTE LTD,Singapore,"Technical skills to support analysis work, eg able to read and understand business logic scripts/code, understand system entity/data model, execute SQL queries...",
690,data_analyst,Associate Director,Kantar Careers,Singapore,"Our people come from diverse backgrounds - corporate strategy, brand, operations, retail, data and technology....",
691,data_analyst,KYC Analyst,Robert Walters,Singapore,Meticulous in data management. About the KYC Analyst Role:. Conduct remediation and data management in Japanese....,
692,data_analyst,"AVP / Senior Associate, Business Analyst, Middle Office Tech...",DBS Bank,Singapore,Perform data analysis and data mapping. Review test data for completeness and coverage. 6 years of work experience in software development projects with full...,
693,data_analyst,Tax Executive,NETFLIX PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Gather data and prepare responses to support in tax audits within APAC, as required and in collaboration with the finance team....",
694,data_analyst,IT Support Specialist,Indeed,Singapore,"2+ years of experience as an IT Support Engineer, Analyst, or Administrator. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of...",
695,data_analyst,Enterprise Integration Analyst,INSEAD,Singapore,"INSEAD are currently looking for an Enterprise Integration Analyst, to join our growing IT department. Develop and setup API, data flow and error management...",
696,data_analyst,IT Database Analyst,AtomRecruit Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Perform database documentation, including data standards, procedures and definitions for the data dictionary (metadata)....","$4,500 - $5,800 a month"
697,data_analyst,Wealth Advisor (Investment/Bancassurance),OCBC Bank,Singapore,"Able to interpret economic data. This includes interpretation and forecasting of economic data, translating them into actionable trade or product ideas, and...",
698,data_analyst,"Quality Data Analyst/West/5days/Up to $3,500",Forte Employment Services Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Assist operation side to do data analysisof key operational performance metric. - Proficient in Macro Excel, Powerpoint, MS Access*....",
699,data_analyst,Asia Lead Gas Analyst - ICIS - Singapore,Reed Business Information,Singapore,ICIS is looking for a Asia Lead Gas analyst to support the company’s growing portfolio of LNG data and analytics products....,
700,data_analyst,Salesforce Senior Consultant,CLOUDGO PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Understanding of relational databases including data modeling, mapping and/or data conversion. Perform hands-on application configuration, external system...",
701,data_analyst,System Analyst,KRIS INFOTECH PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Prepare test data, test scripts and test coded programs thoroughly to validate completeness and accuracy. Roles & Responsibilities....",
702,data_analyst,Hiring for Techno Functional Business Analyst role,Aryan Search Pte Ltd,Singapore,Exposure to Data Modelling techniques. We are hiring for the position Techno functional Business Analyst with one of the leading client based out in Singapore ....,
703,data_analyst,Staff Business Analyst SAP Production Planning,Illumina,Woodlands,Work with global team to define conversion rules and ensure data quality. Support the local team in the collection and cleansing of data....,
704,data_analyst,Senior IT Support Analyst (Legal Sector),Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. They are currently looking to hire a Senior IT Support Analyst for their Singapore office....,
705,data_analyst,"AVP, Digital Analytics Analyst / Architect, Consumer Banking...",DBS Bank,Singapore,Minimum 8 years’ experience in analytics or consulting industry with knowledge in conceptualization requirements to implementation & data analysis process....,
706,data_analyst,Data Science Lead Consultant,CPM CONSULTING PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Proven experience (5+Years) as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst. Understand large data sets, build data models to address business problems....",
707,data_analyst,Market Risk Analyst,Ambition,Singapore,Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. An international commodities trading firm is looking for a market risk professional with min 3 years of...,
708,data_analyst,DotNet Developer,XPLORE INFOCOMZ SOLUTION (PTE. LTD.),Singapore,"Design, develop, test, and implement applications and customizations to improve service capabilities by studying user requirements, content needs, data usage...",
709,data_analyst,Senior Sales Operations Analyst,ServiceSource,Singapore,Senior Analyst will provide data in an informative state on an as-needed basis as well as against a defined business agreement with internal customers....,
710,data_analyst,Business Analyst (Risk),Sciente Consulting Pte. Ltd,Singapore,Knowledge on data governance process. Setup of new data governance process and forums; Support both BAU and project work surrounding data governance;...,
711,data_analyst,Infrastructure Tech Arch Senior Analyst,Accenture,Singapore,Work with data center team to resolve issues on Firewall and Router/Switch. Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the...,
712,data_analyst,Lead Business Analyst,,Singapore,Designing and reviewing data migration processes for data transformation projects of medium/high complexity. The Lead Business Analyst will have experience in...,
713,data_analyst,"AVP, Business Analytics Analyst (Payments Team), Consumer Ba...",DBS Bank,Singapore,"Work with various teams to design, develop and maintain product data mart as a single source data for MIS/analytics....",
714,data_analyst,Business Intelligence Analyst,Michael Page,Singapore,Supporting the building of data models. You will be experienced with data visualization tools such as Qlik and Tableau....,
715,data_analyst,Content Coordinator,ONE ANIMATION PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Able to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Comfortable with interpreting data from Google Analytics to analyze traffic...",
716,data_analyst,"IT Business Analyst - Fixed Income, Equities",BLUECHIP PLATFORMS ASIA PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Relevant experience in data science preferred. 3+ years' experience as an IT Business Analyst from Financial Services/Banking....,
717,data_analyst,Business Analyst,Robert Walters,Singapore,"About the Business Analyst role:. To be successful in this Business Analyst role, you must be immediately available with a diploma in Finance/Accountancy....",
718,data_analyst,Investment Analyst (Real Estate),Tri-Cap Consulting Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Prepare industry, market and asset level data and financial information. We are hiring for an investment analyst role for an institutional investment manager....",
719,data_analyst,CRM Analyst,Robert Walters,Singapore,About the CRM Analyst role:. Custodian of customer database with specific responsibility for maintenance and management of customer data to ensure data...,
720,data_analyst,IT Application Support Analyst (ETRM/CTRM),Ambition Group Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore,"Data provided is for recruitment purposes only. You will also be involved in business analyst activities, testing etc. when necessary....",
721,data_analyst,"Tableau Data Analyst, APAC with an Ecommerce company",Michael Page,Singapore,"Specialisation:IT Data Analysis. In line with the increased global focus in IT investment and fuel-ed by the success in US, they are looking for a new Tableau...",
722,data_analyst,Sr Staff Business Analyst,GLOBALFOUNDRIES SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,Improve Data analytics for Sales Ops KPIs and deliver data driven analysis as needed. Deliver high quality slides containing data driven recommendations for...,
723,data_analyst,Automation Test Engineer / Analyst,R SYSTEMS (SINGAPORE) PTE LIMITED,Singapore,Coordinate with BAs for test cases/test data. Roles & Responsibilities....,
724,data_analyst,Network Security Analyst,NTT DATA SERVICES SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.,Singapore,"Roles & Responsibilities CheckPoint Secure Platform Pro & GAIA, Juniper SRX and Juniper Netscreen firewalls, Palo Alto Networks firewall and intrusion...",
725,data_analyst,Field Lead,Clearstate Pte. Ltd,Singapore,Field data quality assurance:. The primary tasks of the Field Lead are:....,
726,data_analyst,"AVP / Senior Associate, Platform Technical Lead (Digital Cha...",DBS Bank,Singapore,"MAS TRM, MiFID II, personal data protection, IT security). Understand the system processes and data flows of T&M trading and sales desks;...",
727,data_analyst,TECHNOLOGY LEAD CONSULTANT,VIRTUSA SINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED,Singapore,"The candidate should be motivated to work in rapid-growth environment by working with diverse team of End users, System Analysis, System Engineers/ Architects...",
